_product/mezzanine/audio-mezzanine/README.md, before:

---
title: Audio Mezz
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/audio-mezzanine/
description: |-
    The 96Boards Sensors starter kit contains everything you need to wire up sensors and devices to a 96Boards single board computer. It contains the 96Boards Sensors mezzanine board with a selection of Grove modules that you can use to start experimenting and prototyping with the 96Boards platform.
---
# Arrow Audio Mezzanine

This Audio Mezzanine Board is a Grove interfaced expansion board intended for 96boards.
You can connect 96Boards to various modules easily with this expansion board. There are six
grove ports which can be used to connect rich Grove functional modules, which will make your
application more complicated and attracting. In addition, this expansion board gets one 3.5 mm
audio port and two independent MICs which can be applied into multimedia processing. Since
96Boards I/O voltage is set at 1.8 V, so it cannot be connected directly to embedded world. This
expansion board has used voltage converting circuit so that you can choose 3.3V/5V as the
output voltage. Other features are also embedded on this expansion board such as USB to
Serial circuit and reset button, and so on, all those make 96Boards more conveniently to build
applications.

## Buy Now

- [Arrow Electronics](https://www.96boards.org/product/audio-mezzanine/)

***

## Specification

- Input Voltage: 6.5~18V(DC Input)
- Operating Voltage: 1.8/3.3/5V
- No-load Current: 30mA
- Dimension: 85x54mm
- Weight: 28g
- Location hole diameter: 2.5mm

## Features

- 6 x On-board Grove connector
   - 2x I2C
   - 1x UART
   - 3x GPIO
- USB to UART conversion for access to the 410c system console.
- Access to the Analog Audio on the 410c board
   - 3.5mm headset jack
   - Analog Mic
   - Digital Mic
   - Speaker connection
- Access to the low-speed expansion connector
   - Level shifted to 3.3V or 5V levels (selection switch)
   - Access to level shifted signals on 2.54mm (0.1”) 40-pin connector for ease of connectivity
   - Switch to disable level shifters for pass-through applications
   - Signals available at 1.8V levels on 2mm connector
- Power and Reset/Volume down buttons
- Pass through stacking connectors so that other Mezzanine cards may be stacked on top of the AMB

***

Commit message:

Product front matter updated and work on projects shuffle.js filter

_product/mezzanine/audio-mezzanine/README.md, after:

---
title: Audio Mezzanine
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/audio-mezzanine/
description: |-
    The 96Boards Sensors starter kit contains everything you need to wire up sensors and devices to a 96Boards single board computer. It contains the 96Boards Sensors mezzanine board with a selection of Grove modules that you can use to start experimenting and prototyping with the 96Boards platform.
#product_title: Audio Mezzanine
display_product: true
#product_permalink: /product/audio-mezzanine/
product_support_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: This Audio Mezzanine Board is a Grove interfaced expansion board intended for 96boards.
product_long_desc: |-
    This Audio Mezzanine Board is a Grove interfaced expansion board intended for 96boards.
    You can connect 96Boards to various modules easily with this expansion board. There are six
    grove ports which can be used to connect rich Grove functional modules, which will make your
    application more complicated and attracting.
product_images:
  - "audio-mezzanine.png"
mezzanine_features:
  - "6 x On-board Grove connector"
  - "USB to UART conversion for access to the 410c system console."
  - "Access to the Analog Audio on the 410c board"
  - "Access to the low-speed expansion connector"
  - "Power and Reset/Volume down buttons"
  - "Pass through stacking connectors so that other Mezzanine cards may be stacked on top of the AMB"
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Arrow Electronics
    link-url: https://www.96boards.org/product/audio-mezzanine/
---
# Arrow Audio Mezzanine

This Audio Mezzanine Board is a Grove interfaced expansion board intended for 96boards.
You can connect 96Boards to various modules easily with this expansion board. There are six
grove ports which can be used to connect rich Grove functional modules, which will make your
application more complicated and attracting. In addition, this expansion board gets one 3.5 mm
audio port and two independent MICs which can be applied into multimedia processing. Since
96Boards I/O voltage is set at 1.8 V, so it cannot be connected directly to embedded world. This
expansion board has used voltage converting circuit so that you can choose 3.3V/5V as the
output voltage. Other features are also embedded on this expansion board such as USB to
Serial circuit and reset button, and so on, all those make 96Boards more conveniently to build
applications.

## Buy Now

- [Arrow Electronics](https://www.96boards.org/product/audio-mezzanine/)

***

## Specification

- Input Voltage: 6.5~18V(DC Input)
- Operating Voltage: 1.8/3.3/5V
- No-load Current: 30mA
- Dimension: 85x54mm
- Weight: 28g
- Location hole diameter: 2.5mm

## Features

- 6 x On-board Grove connector
   - 2x I2C
   - 1x UART
   - 3x GPIO
- USB to UART conversion for access to the 410c system console.
- Access to the Analog Audio on the 410c board
   - 3.5mm headset jack
   - Analog Mic
   - Digital Mic
   - Speaker connection
- Access to the low-speed expansion connector
   - Level shifted to 3.3V or 5V levels (selection switch)
   - Access to level shifted signals on 2.54mm (0.1”) 40-pin connector for ease of connectivity
   - Switch to disable level shifters for pass-through applications
   - Signals available at 1.8V levels on 2mm connector
- Power and Reset/Volume down buttons
- Pass through stacking connectors so that other Mezzanine cards may be stacked on top of the AMB

***
