_product/se/tb-96aiot/README.md, before:

---
title: TB-96AIoT
layout: product
permalink: /product/tb-96aiot/
product: true
archived: false
shortname: tb-96aiot
ai_board: true
dateAdded: 2019-06-13 09:00:00+00:00
description: |-
    The TB-96AIoT is a low-power, high-powered core board for the AIoT field. It is equipped with a
    powerful neural network processing unit (NPU) and is compatible with a variety of mainstream inference
    models such as caffe and tensor flow. Together with the bottom board CarrierBoard developed by
    Xiamen Beiqi Technology Co., Ltd., it can form a complete development board or evaluation board; the
    base board that can be customized according to the actual needs of the customer can directly form the
    industrial application board, which can meet the sweeping robot, drone, smart speaker. , automotive
    products, smart wear, security monitoring, AI computing modules and other areas of demand.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, Qualcomm, APQ8016E, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: The TB-96AIoT is a low-power, high-powered core board for the AIoT field.
product_specification: se
product_sub_specification: module
product_images:
  - images/96-TB-AIoT_Top.png
  - images/96-TB-AIoT_Bottom.png
  - images/96-TB-AIoT_Carrier_top1.png
  - images/96-TB-AIoT_Carrier_top2.png
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: TB-96AIoT
      tab_link: /product/tb-96aiot/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/som/tb-96aiot/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/som/tb-96aiot/
      tab_position: 2
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/tb-96aiot
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: 1G DDR3+ 8G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "78.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 2G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "108.66"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 4G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "136.79"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 1G DDR3+ 8G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "208.79"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 2G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "248.49"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 4G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "289.49"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: OS
      icon: fa-terminal
      items:
        - title: All Downloads
          link: /documentation/som/tb-96aiot/downloads/
        - title: NPU SDK
          link: http://t.rock-chips.com/en/wiki.php?mod=view&id=85
    - title: More Info
      icon: fa-external-link-square
      items:
        - title: Hardware User Manual
          link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/som/tb-96aiot/hardware-docs/files/tb-96aiot-hardware-user-manual.pdf
        - title: Schematics
        - link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/som/tb-96aiot/hardware-docs/files/tb-96aiot-schematics.pdf
vendor:
  name: BeiqiCloud
  url: http://www.beiqicloud.com/product_detail.html?pid=TB-96AI
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      Rockchip RK3399Pro
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >
      "Dual-core Cortex-A72 up to 1.8GHz
      Quad-core Cortex-A53 up to 1.4GHz
      NPU - Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs
      - Full load computing power, low load operation power consumption
      is low
      - Compatible with Caffe/Mxnet/TensorFlow model, support multi-
      class framework, support mainstream layer type, easy to add custom layer
      - Provides easy-to-use development tools, PC-based model
      conversion, performance estimation, and accuracy verification
      - Provide AI application development interface: support Android NN
      API, provide RKNN cross-platform API, Linux support TensorFlow
      development
      VPU - Support 4K VP9 and 4K 10bits H265/H264 video decoding, up to 60fps
      - 1080P multi-format video decoding (WMV, MPEG-1/2/4, VP8)
      - 1080P video encoding, support H.264, VP8 format
      - Video post processor: de-interlacing, denoising, edge/detail/color optimization"
  - name: "GPU"
    value: >
      "ARM® Mali-T860 MP4 Quad-core GPU
      - Support OpenGL ES1.1/2.0/3.0/3.1, OpenVG1.1, OpenCL, DX11
      - Support AFBC (frame buffer compression)"
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >
      "
        Optional configuration with the following two options:
        - 3GB LPDRR3(CPU 2GB + NPU 1GB);
        - 8GB LPDDR3(CPU 4GB + NPU 4GB);
      "
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      TBD
  - name: "Storage"
    value: >
      "
      Optional configuration with the following options:
      - 16GB eMMC
      - 32GB eMMC
      - 64GB eMMC
      - 128GB eMMC
      "
  - name: "Ethernet"
    value: Built-in Gigabit Ethernet PHY chip, 10/100/1000Mbps adaptive
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Type-C - USB3.0/DisplayPort 1.2,OTG
      USB3.0×1 (according to RK3399Pro design, NPU needs to be
      mounted on USB3.0, so USB3.0 needs to connect back to NPU, if
      you need to expand USB3.0 interface, you need external HUB);
      USB2.0×2, HOST;
  - name: "Display"
    value: On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Audio"
    value: >-
      "
      I2S0:
      - Support user extended use
      I2S1:
      - Speaker×1
      - Headphone×1
      - MIC×1
      I2S2:
      - HDMI interface audio output;
      - DP interface audio output;
      "
  - name: "Camera"
    value: MIPI-CSI×2,Dual camera interface (built-in dual hardware ISP, up to single 13Mpixel or dual 8Mpixel)
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      "
      - 4 Panasonic 100PIN high speed connectors, type AXK6S00437YG (PIN spacing 0.5mm)
      - SDMMC(TF Card)×1;
      - SPI×1;
      - UART×3,One of the CPU Debug UARTs, one NPU Debug UART;
      - I2C×6;
      - SDIO×1;
      - PCIe×1;
      - PWM×2;
      - GPIO,For detailed GPIO definitions, please refer to the interface definition;
      - ADC×3,One for buttons, one for headset microphone detection,
      and one for user-definable use;
      "
  - name: "LED"
    value: On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Buttons"
    value: >-
      On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Power"
    value: >
      DC 5V
  - name: "OS Support"
    values:
      - title: Android8.1;
      - title: Linux version - fedora 2.8, kernel 4.4
  - name: "Other"
    value: >
      "
      Software Support
      - Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs;
      - Full load computing power, low load operation power consumption
      is low;

      - Compatible with Caffe/Mxnet/TensorFlow model, support multi-
      class framework, support mainstream layer type, easy to add

      custom layer;
      - Provide easy-to-use development tools, PC-side model
      conversion, performance estimation, and accuracy verification;
      - Provide AI application development interface: support Android NN
      API, provide RKNN cross-platform API, Linux support TensorFlow
      development;
      "
  - name: "Dimensions"
    values:
      - title: "width"
        value: 50mm
      - title: "length"
        value: 85mm

---
The TB-96AIoT is a low-power, high-powered core board for the AIoT field. It is equipped with a powerful neural network processing unit (NPU) and is compatible with a variety of mainstream inference models such as caffe and tensor flow. Together with the bottom board CarrierBoard developed by Xiamen Beiqi Technology Co., Ltd., it can form a complete development board or evaluation board; the base board that can be customized according to the actual needs of the customer can directly form the industrial application board, which can meet the sweeping robot, drone, smart speaker. , automotive products, smart wear, security monitoring, AI computing modules and other areas of demand.

## Features

- CPU - Dual-core ARM Cortex-A53 CPU for ultra-low power consumption.
- Built-in neural network processor NPU, super high AI computing power
- Video codec
- Rich extension interface for AIoT applications
- High-speed on-board connector for more stability and reliability
- Ultra-high integration, ultra-small size
- Easy to develop
- Rich open materials, 96Boards community

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description |
|:---------------------|:--------------|
|  SoC                 | Rockchip RK1808(22nm FD-SOI)             |
|  CPU                 | Dual Cortex-A35@1.6GHz                                   |
|  NPU                 | Support 8bit/16bit operation, computing power up to 3.0TOPS / Support TensorFlow, Caffe model                                 |
|  VPU                 | 1080p@60P H.264 Decoder,1080p@30P H.264 Encoder                                                           |
|  RAM                 | Optional configuration with the following options: 1GB LPDDR3 / 2GB LPDDR3 / 4GB LPDDR3 |
|  Storage             | Optional configuration with the following options: 16GB eMMC /32GB eMMC /64GB eMMC /128GB eMMC         |
|  Wifi/_Bluetooth_ ® wireless technology      | Built-in WiFi/BT module, reserved antenna holder, can be directly inserted into the antenna     |
|  Ethernet Port       | Built-in Gigabit Ethernet PHY chip, 10/100/1000Mbps adaptive                                                                    |
|  USB                 | USB2.0 HOST ×1 - USB3.0 DRM ×1                            |
|  Display             | One MIPI-DSI interface, up to 1920×1080@60fps display output |
|  Audio               | Speakerx1 / Headphone×1 / Mic×1 / I2S×1                                                                                             |
|  Expansion Interface | PCIE×1 / I2C×3 / UART Debug×1 / SPI×2 / SD Card ×1 / PWM×1 / ADC×2                                    |
|  Power Source        | DC 5V                                              |
|  OS Support          | Linux (The supported Linux distribution is buildroot-2018.02-rc3 / The supported Linux kernel version is 4.4)|
|  Size                | 50mm x 50 mm                                                                                                            |
{:.hidden_rows}
</div>

Commit message:

multiple fixes
- explain 96 in 96boards. fixes #1285
- remove old openhours agenda
- add attributes for Akebi96. fixes #1216
- add auto edition boiler plate
- add ai pages for thor96 aiml tb96-ai tb96ai-iot
- add ai_board_desc for all ai boards
- add ae spec logos
- add ae spec in display-products.html

Signed-off-by: Sahaj Sarup <sahaj.sarup@linaro.org>

_product/se/tb-96aiot/README.md, after:

---
title: TB-96AIoT
layout: product
permalink: /product/tb-96aiot/
product: true
archived: false
shortname: tb-96aiot
ai_board: true
ai_board_desc: >
    The TB-96AIoT is a low-power, high-powered core board for the AIoT field. It is equipped with a powerful neural network processing unit (NPU) and is compatible with a variety of mainstream inference models such as caffe and tensor flow.
dateAdded: 2019-06-13 09:00:00+00:00
description: |-
    The TB-96AIoT is a low-power, high-powered core board for the AIoT field. It is equipped with a
    powerful neural network processing unit (NPU) and is compatible with a variety of mainstream inference
    models such as caffe and tensor flow. Together with the bottom board CarrierBoard developed by
    Xiamen Beiqi Technology Co., Ltd., it can form a complete development board or evaluation board; the
    base board that can be customized according to the actual needs of the customer can directly form the
    industrial application board, which can meet the sweeping robot, drone, smart speaker. , automotive
    products, smart wear, security monitoring, AI computing modules and other areas of demand.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, Qualcomm, APQ8016E, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: The TB-96AIoT is a low-power, high-powered core board for the AIoT field.
product_specification: se
product_sub_specification: module
product_images:
  - images/96-TB-AIoT_Top.png
  - images/96-TB-AIoT_Bottom.png
  - images/96-TB-AIoT_Carrier_top1.png
  - images/96-TB-AIoT_Carrier_top2.png
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: TB-96AIoT
      tab_link: /product/tb-96aiot/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/som/tb-96aiot/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/som/tb-96aiot/
      tab_position: 2
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/tb-96aiot
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: 1G DDR3+ 8G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "78.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 2G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "108.66"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 4G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "136.79"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 1G DDR3+ 8G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "208.79"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 2G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "248.49"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 4G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000077522928.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.1.2f06707aWhHbSi&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=ac42b496-15d6-4877-9984-ec6744713cbd
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "289.49"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: OS
      icon: fa-terminal
      items:
        - title: All Downloads
          link: /documentation/som/tb-96aiot/downloads/
        - title: NPU SDK
          link: http://t.rock-chips.com/en/wiki.php?mod=view&id=85
    - title: More Info
      icon: fa-external-link-square
      items:
        - title: Hardware User Manual
          link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/som/tb-96aiot/hardware-docs/files/tb-96aiot-hardware-user-manual.pdf
        - title: Schematics
        - link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/som/tb-96aiot/hardware-docs/files/tb-96aiot-schematics.pdf
vendor:
  name: BeiqiCloud
  url: http://www.beiqicloud.com/product_detail.html?pid=TB-96AI
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      Rockchip RK3399Pro
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >
      "Dual-core Cortex-A72 up to 1.8GHz
      Quad-core Cortex-A53 up to 1.4GHz
      NPU - Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs
      - Full load computing power, low load operation power consumption
      is low
      - Compatible with Caffe/Mxnet/TensorFlow model, support multi-
      class framework, support mainstream layer type, easy to add custom layer
      - Provides easy-to-use development tools, PC-based model
      conversion, performance estimation, and accuracy verification
      - Provide AI application development interface: support Android NN
      API, provide RKNN cross-platform API, Linux support TensorFlow
      development
      VPU - Support 4K VP9 and 4K 10bits H265/H264 video decoding, up to 60fps
      - 1080P multi-format video decoding (WMV, MPEG-1/2/4, VP8)
      - 1080P video encoding, support H.264, VP8 format
      - Video post processor: de-interlacing, denoising, edge/detail/color optimization"
  - name: "GPU"
    value: >
      "ARM® Mali-T860 MP4 Quad-core GPU
      - Support OpenGL ES1.1/2.0/3.0/3.1, OpenVG1.1, OpenCL, DX11
      - Support AFBC (frame buffer compression)"
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >
      "
        Optional configuration with the following two options:
        - 3GB LPDRR3(CPU 2GB + NPU 1GB);
        - 8GB LPDDR3(CPU 4GB + NPU 4GB);
      "
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      TBD
  - name: "Storage"
    value: >
      "
      Optional configuration with the following options:
      - 16GB eMMC
      - 32GB eMMC
      - 64GB eMMC
      - 128GB eMMC
      "
  - name: "Ethernet"
    value: Built-in Gigabit Ethernet PHY chip, 10/100/1000Mbps adaptive
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Type-C - USB3.0/DisplayPort 1.2,OTG
      USB3.0×1 (according to RK3399Pro design, NPU needs to be
      mounted on USB3.0, so USB3.0 needs to connect back to NPU, if
      you need to expand USB3.0 interface, you need external HUB);
      USB2.0×2, HOST;
  - name: "Display"
    value: On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Audio"
    value: >-
      "
      I2S0:
      - Support user extended use
      I2S1:
      - Speaker×1
      - Headphone×1
      - MIC×1
      I2S2:
      - HDMI interface audio output;
      - DP interface audio output;
      "
  - name: "Camera"
    value: MIPI-CSI×2,Dual camera interface (built-in dual hardware ISP, up to single 13Mpixel or dual 8Mpixel)
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      "
      - 4 Panasonic 100PIN high speed connectors, type AXK6S00437YG (PIN spacing 0.5mm)
      - SDMMC(TF Card)×1;
      - SPI×1;
      - UART×3,One of the CPU Debug UARTs, one NPU Debug UART;
      - I2C×6;
      - SDIO×1;
      - PCIe×1;
      - PWM×2;
      - GPIO,For detailed GPIO definitions, please refer to the interface definition;
      - ADC×3,One for buttons, one for headset microphone detection,
      and one for user-definable use;
      "
  - name: "LED"
    value: On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Buttons"
    value: >-
      On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Power"
    value: >
      DC 5V
  - name: "OS Support"
    values:
      - title: Android8.1;
      - title: Linux version - fedora 2.8, kernel 4.4
  - name: "Other"
    value: >
      "
      Software Support
      - Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs;
      - Full load computing power, low load operation power consumption
      is low;

      - Compatible with Caffe/Mxnet/TensorFlow model, support multi-
      class framework, support mainstream layer type, easy to add

      custom layer;
      - Provide easy-to-use development tools, PC-side model
      conversion, performance estimation, and accuracy verification;
      - Provide AI application development interface: support Android NN
      API, provide RKNN cross-platform API, Linux support TensorFlow
      development;
      "
  - name: "Dimensions"
    values:
      - title: "width"
        value: 50mm
      - title: "length"
        value: 85mm

---
The TB-96AIoT is a low-power, high-powered core board for the AIoT field. It is equipped with a powerful neural network processing unit (NPU) and is compatible with a variety of mainstream inference models such as caffe and tensor flow. Together with the bottom board CarrierBoard developed by Xiamen Beiqi Technology Co., Ltd., it can form a complete development board or evaluation board; the base board that can be customized according to the actual needs of the customer can directly form the industrial application board, which can meet the sweeping robot, drone, smart speaker. , automotive products, smart wear, security monitoring, AI computing modules and other areas of demand.

## Features

- CPU - Dual-core ARM Cortex-A53 CPU for ultra-low power consumption.
- Built-in neural network processor NPU, super high AI computing power
- Video codec
- Rich extension interface for AIoT applications
- High-speed on-board connector for more stability and reliability
- Ultra-high integration, ultra-small size
- Easy to develop
- Rich open materials, 96Boards community

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description |
|:---------------------|:--------------|
|  SoC                 | Rockchip RK1808(22nm FD-SOI)             |
|  CPU                 | Dual Cortex-A35@1.6GHz                                   |
|  NPU                 | Support 8bit/16bit operation, computing power up to 3.0TOPS / Support TensorFlow, Caffe model                                 |
|  VPU                 | 1080p@60P H.264 Decoder,1080p@30P H.264 Encoder                                                           |
|  RAM                 | Optional configuration with the following options: 1GB LPDDR3 / 2GB LPDDR3 / 4GB LPDDR3 |
|  Storage             | Optional configuration with the following options: 16GB eMMC /32GB eMMC /64GB eMMC /128GB eMMC         |
|  Wifi/_Bluetooth_ ® wireless technology      | Built-in WiFi/BT module, reserved antenna holder, can be directly inserted into the antenna     |
|  Ethernet Port       | Built-in Gigabit Ethernet PHY chip, 10/100/1000Mbps adaptive                                                                    |
|  USB                 | USB2.0 HOST ×1 - USB3.0 DRM ×1                            |
|  Display             | One MIPI-DSI interface, up to 1920×1080@60fps display output |
|  Audio               | Speakerx1 / Headphone×1 / Mic×1 / I2S×1                                                                                             |
|  Expansion Interface | PCIE×1 / I2C×3 / UART Debug×1 / SPI×2 / SD Card ×1 / PWM×1 / ADC×2                                    |
|  Power Source        | DC 5V                                              |
|  OS Support          | Linux (The supported Linux distribution is buildroot-2018.02-rc3 / The supported Linux kernel version is 4.4)|
|  Size                | 50mm x 50 mm                                                                                                            |
{:.hidden_rows}
</div>
