_product/mezzanine/aerocore2/README.md, before:

---
title: AeroCore 2 for 96Boards
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/aerocore2/
shortname: aerocore2
description: |-
    Customize the AreoCore 2 for 96Boards to your project’s specific needs in Geppetto D2O.
    Add functionality or remove unused components with the ease of a drag-and-drop interface.
display_product: true
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: AeroCore 2 for 96Boards
      tab_link: /product/aerocore2/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/aerocore2/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
      tab_position: 2
      tab_align_right: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: Most technologically advanced AeroCore expansion board with LTE support
product_long_desc: |-
    Customize the AreoCore 2 for 96Boards to your project’s specific needs in Geppetto D2O. Add functionality or remove unused components with the ease of a drag-and-drop interface.
product_images:
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-front.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-back.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-angle.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-additional3.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-additional2.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-additional.jpg"
mezzanine_features:
  - "Barometer Included"
  - "Controller Area Network (CAN) - For use in applications employing the CAN serial communication physical layer in accordance with the ISO 11898 standard."
  - "Processor - ARM Cortex-M4 Microcontroller"
  - "USB Device - Micro B USB Plug"
  - "5-PIN GPS Connector"
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Gumstix
    link-url: https://linaro.co/aerocore2-buy
  -
    link-title: Arrow
    link-url: https://linaro.co/aerocore2-buy-arrow
product_more_info:
    -
      title: Technical Specification
      link: https://d3iwea566ns1n1.cloudfront.net/us-west-2/datasheets/geppetto/855bc28811a023824742294171238a8175770196.pdf
    -
      title: Disk Image
      link: https://gumstix-misc.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/db410c.img.xz
    -
      title: Datasheet
      link: https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/media.gumstix.com/datasheets/PKG900000000351.pdf
    -
      title: Clone and Customize in Geppetto
      link: https://geppetto.gumstix.com/#!/design/1130/
product_includes:
  - quantity: 1
    name: "FCI 15 PIN FPC Connector - Raspberry pi CSI2 and DSI connector"
  - quantity: 1
    name: Magnetic Buzzer SMT -  Magnetic Buzzer 5V 12.8MM SMD
    link: http://www.cui.com/product/resource/ct-1205cl-smt.pdf
    id: 5V 30MA 92DBA
  - quantity: 1
    name: Texas Instruments CAN Transceiver	- Designed for use with Texas Instruments DSPs with CAN controllers and equivalent devices. Provides differential transmit and receive capability at speeds up to 1 Mbps
    link: http://www.ti.com/product/sn65hvd232
    id: SN65HVD232
  - quantity: 1
    name: FTDI USB UART Interface - Connect to an RS232 serial terminal over USB with the FTDI FT232RQ interface
    link: http://www.ftdichip.com/Support/Documents/DataSheets/ICs/DS_FT232R.pdf
    id: FT232RQ
  - quantity: 1
    title: Memory (SPI FRAM 1MB 1.8V)
    link: http://media.digikey.com/pdf/Data%20Sheets/Fujitsu%20Microelectronics%20America/MB85RS1MT.pdf
  - quantity: 1
    title: Barometric Sensor - A high resolution altitude and digital atmospheric pressure sensor accurate to within 10 cm.
    link: http://media.digikey.com/pdf/Data%20Sheets/Fujitsu%20Microelectronics%20America/MB85RS1MT.pdf
    id: MS5611
product_video:
  - https://www.youtube.com/embed/LIH0tpi9KwE
product: true
archived: false
---
Customize the AreoCore 2 for 96Boards to your project’s specific needs in [Geppetto D2O](https://www.gumstix.com/geppetto). Add functionality or remove unused components with the ease of a drag-and-drop interface.

- [Clone and kickstart your customized AreoCore 2 expansion board design for 96Boards](https://geppetto.gumstix.com/#!/design/1130/)
- [Explore and create a customized expansion board from scratch](https://geppetto.gumstix.com/)
- [Learn more about Geppetto](https://www.gumstix.com/geppetto)

** Software support for the AeroCore 2 for 96Boards limited to Yocto Linux **

- [Customize in Geppetto](https://geppetto.gumstix.com/#!/design/1130/)
- [Technical Specification](https://d3iwea566ns1n1.cloudfront.net/us-west-2/datasheets/geppetto/855bc28811a023824742294171238a8175770196.pdf)
- [Disk Image](https://gumstix-misc.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/db410c.img.xz)
- [Video](https://youtu.be/LIH0tpi9KwE)
- [Datasheet](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/media.gumstix.com/datasheets/PKG900000000351.pdf)


## Buy Now

- [Arrow](http://link.linaro.org/aerocore2-buy-arrow)
- [Gumstix](http://link.linaro.org/aerocore2-buy)

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">


|   Component                                       |   Description                                                                                    |
|:--------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  BAROMETER                                        | Included                                                                                         |
|  CONTROLLER AREA NETWORK (CAN)                    | For use in applications employing the CAN serial communication physical layer
in accordance with the ISO 11898 standard.  |
|  PROCESSOR                                        | ARM Cortex-M4 Microcontroller                                                                    |
|  USB DEVICE                                       | Micro B USB Plug                                                                                 |
|  5-PIN GPS CONNECTOR                              |                                                                                                  |
|  FCI 15 PIN FPC CONNECTOR                         | Raspberry pi CSI2 and DSI connector                                                              |
|  MAGNETIC BUZZER SMT (5V 30MA 92DBA)              | BUZZER MAGNETIC 5V 12.8MM SMD ([SPEC](http://www.cui.com/product/resource/ct-1205cl-smt.pdf))    |        
|  TEXAS INSTRUMENTS SN65HVD232 CAN TRANSCEIVER     | Designed for use with Texas Instruments DSPs with CAN controllers and equivalent devices. Provides differential transmit and receive capability at speeds up to 1 Mbps. ([SPEC](http://www.ti.com/product/sn65hvd232))                                |
|  FTDI FT232RQ USB UART INTERFACE                  | Connect to an RS232 serial terminal over USB with the FTDI FT232RQ interface ([SPEC](http://www.ftdichip.com/Support/Documents/DataSheets/ICs/DS_FT232R.pdf))                                                                                  |
|  MEMORY (SPI FRAM 1MB 1.8V)                       | Memory (SPI FRAM 1MB 1.8V) ([SPEC](http://media.digikey.com/pdf/Data%20Sheets/Fujitsu%20Microelectronics%20America/MB85RS1MT.pdf))                                                                                               |
|  MS5611 BAROMETRIC SENSOR                         | A high resolution altitude and digital atmospheric pressure sensor accurate to within 10 cm.     |
|  Mating Connectors                                |                                                                                                  |
{:.hidden_rows}

</div>

***

Commit message:

Added board attributes from the board-details.yml data file to the front matter for each board

_product/mezzanine/aerocore2/README.md, after:

---
title: AeroCore 2 for 96Boards
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/aerocore2/
shortname: aerocore2
description: |-
    Customize the AreoCore 2 for 96Boards to your project’s specific needs in Geppetto D2O.
    Add functionality or remove unused components with the ease of a drag-and-drop interface.
display_product: true
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: AeroCore 2 for 96Boards
      tab_link: /product/aerocore2/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/aerocore2/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
      tab_position: 2
      tab_align_right: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: Most technologically advanced AeroCore expansion board with LTE support
product_long_desc: |-
    Customize the AreoCore 2 for 96Boards to your project’s specific needs in Geppetto D2O. Add functionality or remove unused components with the ease of a drag-and-drop interface.
product_images:
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-front.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-back.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-angle.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-additional3.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-additional2.jpg"
  - "AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-additional.jpg"
mezzanine_features:
  - "Barometer Included"
  - "Controller Area Network (CAN) - For use in applications employing the CAN serial communication physical layer in accordance with the ISO 11898 standard."
  - "Processor - ARM Cortex-M4 Microcontroller"
  - "USB Device - Micro B USB Plug"
  - "5-PIN GPS Connector"
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Gumstix
    link-url: https://linaro.co/aerocore2-buy
  -
    link-title: Arrow
    link-url: https://linaro.co/aerocore2-buy-arrow
product_more_info:
    -
      title: Technical Specification
      link: https://d3iwea566ns1n1.cloudfront.net/us-west-2/datasheets/geppetto/855bc28811a023824742294171238a8175770196.pdf
    -
      title: Disk Image
      link: https://gumstix-misc.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/db410c.img.xz
    -
      title: Datasheet
      link: https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/media.gumstix.com/datasheets/PKG900000000351.pdf
    -
      title: Clone and Customize in Geppetto
      link: https://geppetto.gumstix.com/#!/design/1130/
product_includes:
  - quantity: 1
    name: "FCI 15 PIN FPC Connector - Raspberry pi CSI2 and DSI connector"
  - quantity: 1
    name: Magnetic Buzzer SMT -  Magnetic Buzzer 5V 12.8MM SMD
    link: http://www.cui.com/product/resource/ct-1205cl-smt.pdf
    id: 5V 30MA 92DBA
  - quantity: 1
    name: Texas Instruments CAN Transceiver	- Designed for use with Texas Instruments DSPs with CAN controllers and equivalent devices. Provides differential transmit and receive capability at speeds up to 1 Mbps
    link: http://www.ti.com/product/sn65hvd232
    id: SN65HVD232
  - quantity: 1
    name: FTDI USB UART Interface - Connect to an RS232 serial terminal over USB with the FTDI FT232RQ interface
    link: http://www.ftdichip.com/Support/Documents/DataSheets/ICs/DS_FT232R.pdf
    id: FT232RQ
  - quantity: 1
    title: Memory (SPI FRAM 1MB 1.8V)
    link: http://media.digikey.com/pdf/Data%20Sheets/Fujitsu%20Microelectronics%20America/MB85RS1MT.pdf
  - quantity: 1
    title: Barometric Sensor - A high resolution altitude and digital atmospheric pressure sensor accurate to within 10 cm.
    link: http://media.digikey.com/pdf/Data%20Sheets/Fujitsu%20Microelectronics%20America/MB85RS1MT.pdf
    id: MS5611
product_video:
  - https://www.youtube.com/embed/LIH0tpi9KwE
product: true
archived: false
dateAdded: 2017-06-26 09:00:00+00:00
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      ARM Cortex-M4 Microcontroller
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >-
      ARM Cortex-M4 Microcontroller
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >-
      Memory (SPI FRAM 1MB 1.8V) (SPEC)
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      FTDI FT232RQ USB UART INTERFACE	- Connect to an RS232 serial terminal over USB with the FTDI FT232RQ interface (SPEC)
      FCI 15 PIN FPC CONNECTOR	Raspberry pi CSI2 and DSI connector
      Mating Connectors
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Micro B USB Plug
  - name: "Sensors"
    value: >-
      MAGNETIC BUZZER SMT (5V 30MA 92DBA)	- BUZZER MAGNETIC 5V 12.8MM SMD (SPEC)
      BAROMETER
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      TEXAS INSTRUMENTS SN65HVD232 CAN TRANSCEIVER	Designed for use with Texas Instruments DSPs with CAN controllers and equivalent devices.
      Provides differential transmit and receive capability at speeds up to 1 Mbps. (SPEC)

---
Customize the AreoCore 2 for 96Boards to your project’s specific needs in [Geppetto D2O](https://www.gumstix.com/geppetto). Add functionality or remove unused components with the ease of a drag-and-drop interface.

- [Clone and kickstart your customized AreoCore 2 expansion board design for 96Boards](https://geppetto.gumstix.com/#!/design/1130/)
- [Explore and create a customized expansion board from scratch](https://geppetto.gumstix.com/)
- [Learn more about Geppetto](https://www.gumstix.com/geppetto)

** Software support for the AeroCore 2 for 96Boards limited to Yocto Linux **

- [Customize in Geppetto](https://geppetto.gumstix.com/#!/design/1130/)
- [Technical Specification](https://d3iwea566ns1n1.cloudfront.net/us-west-2/datasheets/geppetto/855bc28811a023824742294171238a8175770196.pdf)
- [Disk Image](https://gumstix-misc.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/db410c.img.xz)
- [Video](https://youtu.be/LIH0tpi9KwE)
- [Datasheet](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/media.gumstix.com/datasheets/PKG900000000351.pdf)


## Buy Now

- [Arrow](http://link.linaro.org/aerocore2-buy-arrow)
- [Gumstix](http://link.linaro.org/aerocore2-buy)

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">


|   Component                                       |   Description                                                                                    |
|:--------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  BAROMETER                                        | Included                                                                                         |
|  CONTROLLER AREA NETWORK (CAN)                    | For use in applications employing the CAN serial communication physical layer
in accordance with the ISO 11898 standard.  |
|  PROCESSOR                                        | ARM Cortex-M4 Microcontroller                                                                    |
|  USB DEVICE                                       | Micro B USB Plug                                                                                 |
|  5-PIN GPS CONNECTOR                              |                                                                                                  |
|  FCI 15 PIN FPC CONNECTOR                         | Raspberry pi CSI2 and DSI connector                                                              |
|  MAGNETIC BUZZER SMT (5V 30MA 92DBA)              | BUZZER MAGNETIC 5V 12.8MM SMD ([SPEC](http://www.cui.com/product/resource/ct-1205cl-smt.pdf))    |
|  TEXAS INSTRUMENTS SN65HVD232 CAN TRANSCEIVER     | Designed for use with Texas Instruments DSPs with CAN controllers and equivalent devices. Provides differential transmit and receive capability at speeds up to 1 Mbps. ([SPEC](http://www.ti.com/product/sn65hvd232))                                |
|  FTDI FT232RQ USB UART INTERFACE                  | Connect to an RS232 serial terminal over USB with the FTDI FT232RQ interface ([SPEC](http://www.ftdichip.com/Support/Documents/DataSheets/ICs/DS_FT232R.pdf))                                                                                  |
|  MEMORY (SPI FRAM 1MB 1.8V)                       | Memory (SPI FRAM 1MB 1.8V) ([SPEC](http://media.digikey.com/pdf/Data%20Sheets/Fujitsu%20Microelectronics%20America/MB85RS1MT.pdf))                                                                                               |
|  MS5611 BAROMETRIC SENSOR                         | A high resolution altitude and digital atmospheric pressure sensor accurate to within 10 cm.     |
|  Mating Connectors                                |                                                                                                  |
{:.hidden_rows}

</div>

***
