digest/README.md, before:

---
title: Weekly Digest
description: |-
    96Boards Compliance is designed to ensure a level of hardware and software functionality and quality for the 96Boards Community Board program.
permalink: /digest/
layout: plain-markdown-page
redirect_from:
- /newsletter/digest/
---
# Weekly Digest

[Signup for this Newsletter!](http://eepurl.com/cswh4X)

- Issue #22 - [The new 96Boards Community Mezzanine](http://eepurl.com/cY-Qhb)
- Issue #21 - [Holy 96Boards Wikipedia, Batman! Two years later...](http://eepurl.com/cYi9iD)
- Issue #20 - [Brazil Partners take over 96Boards OpenHours](http://eepurl.com/cXvG5T)
- Issue #19 - [96Boards latest work on libmraa and more...](http://eepurl.com/cWG6xL)
- Issue #18 - [miniNodes with 96Boards](http://eepurl.com/cVXHoL)
- Issue #17 - [Google Assist on 96Boards](http://eepurl.com/cU_PMT)
- Issue #16 - [Welcome the new Power over Ethernet Mezzanine (PoE) Mezzanine](http://eepurl.com/cUlGRf)
- Issue #15 - [D3 DesignCore Camera Mezzanine Announcement and giveaway!](http://eepurl.com/cTwxjr)
- Issue #14 - [96Boards and Home Surveillance](http://eepurl.com/cSHnRb)
- Issue #13 - [96Boards welcomes back, the "Weekly Openhours Digest"](http://eepurl.com/cRnGyX)
- Issue #12 - [OpenHours welcomes the "Community Minute"](http://eepurl.com/cLanAX)
- Issue #11 - ["Project BIG Button"](http://eepurl.com/cJduhj)
- Issue #10 - [96Boards for your 96Brews - Automated Home brewing](http://eepurl.com/cH78jb)
- Issue #9  - [Linaro Connect Budapest and the Hungarian Robot Association!](http://eepurl.com/cGKh-r)
- Issue #8  - [Linaro Connect takes over Budapest!](http://eepurl.com/cFnF2n)
- Issue #7  - [Once around the World with 96Boards](http://eepurl.com/cErQoT)
- Issue #6  - [Ubuntu Core OpenHours, Hackathon - Tec Monterrey and ELC](http://eepurl.com/cDmJ4T)
- Issue #5  - [OpenHours takes on Ubuntu Core miniseries](http://eepurl.com/cCeZS5)
- Issue #4  - [96Boards and "Testing Days" with Ubuntu Core](http://eepurl.com/cAwDV5)
- Issue #3  - [OpenHours looks back at UCSD HARD Hackathon](http://us3.campaign-archive1.com/?u=14baaae786342d0d405ee59c2&id=8d9a76cc84)
- Issue #2  - [Workshops, Hackathon, OpenHours and Bears... Oh My!](http://eepurl.com/cyvHEH)
- Issue #1  - [Year of the 96Boards](http://eepurl.com/cxxyzr)

Commit message:

Added Issue 23 to Digest list
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

digest/README.md, after:

---
title: Weekly Digest
description: |-
    96Boards Compliance is designed to ensure a level of hardware and software functionality and quality for the 96Boards Community Board program.
permalink: /digest/
layout: plain-markdown-page
redirect_from:
- /newsletter/digest/
---
# Weekly Digest

[Signup for this Newsletter!](http://eepurl.com/cswh4X)

- Issue #23 - [Inertial Measurement Unit, path to the 96Boards self-balancing Robot](http://eepurl.com/cZWipb)
- Issue #22 - [The new 96Boards Community Mezzanine](http://eepurl.com/cY-Qhb)
- Issue #21 - [Holy 96Boards Wikipedia, Batman! Two years later...](http://eepurl.com/cYi9iD)
- Issue #20 - [Brazil Partners take over 96Boards OpenHours](http://eepurl.com/cXvG5T)
- Issue #19 - [96Boards latest work on libmraa and more...](http://eepurl.com/cWG6xL)
- Issue #18 - [miniNodes with 96Boards](http://eepurl.com/cVXHoL)
- Issue #17 - [Google Assist on 96Boards](http://eepurl.com/cU_PMT)
- Issue #16 - [Welcome the new Power over Ethernet Mezzanine (PoE) Mezzanine](http://eepurl.com/cUlGRf)
- Issue #15 - [D3 DesignCore Camera Mezzanine Announcement and giveaway!](http://eepurl.com/cTwxjr)
- Issue #14 - [96Boards and Home Surveillance](http://eepurl.com/cSHnRb)
- Issue #13 - [96Boards welcomes back, the "Weekly Openhours Digest"](http://eepurl.com/cRnGyX)
- Issue #12 - [OpenHours welcomes the "Community Minute"](http://eepurl.com/cLanAX)
- Issue #11 - ["Project BIG Button"](http://eepurl.com/cJduhj)
- Issue #10 - [96Boards for your 96Brews - Automated Home brewing](http://eepurl.com/cH78jb)
- Issue #9  - [Linaro Connect Budapest and the Hungarian Robot Association!](http://eepurl.com/cGKh-r)
- Issue #8  - [Linaro Connect takes over Budapest!](http://eepurl.com/cFnF2n)
- Issue #7  - [Once around the World with 96Boards](http://eepurl.com/cErQoT)
- Issue #6  - [Ubuntu Core OpenHours, Hackathon - Tec Monterrey and ELC](http://eepurl.com/cDmJ4T)
- Issue #5  - [OpenHours takes on Ubuntu Core miniseries](http://eepurl.com/cCeZS5)
- Issue #4  - [96Boards and "Testing Days" with Ubuntu Core](http://eepurl.com/cAwDV5)
- Issue #3  - [OpenHours looks back at UCSD HARD Hackathon](http://us3.campaign-archive1.com/?u=14baaae786342d0d405ee59c2&id=8d9a76cc84)
- Issue #2  - [Workshops, Hackathon, OpenHours and Bears... Oh My!](http://eepurl.com/cyvHEH)
- Issue #1  - [Year of the 96Boards](http://eepurl.com/cxxyzr)
