_product/ce/aiml/README.md, before:

---
title: AI_ML
layout: product
permalink: /product/aiml/
description: |-
    The i.MX 8X SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A35 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 30 fps. These features alone make the AI_ML board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics local AI systems, monitoring and drones.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, imx8, AI, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: "The AI_ML Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8X SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A35, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth® wireless technology and a wide range of I/O."
product_specification: ce
shortname: aiml
product: true
dateAdded: 2020-01-20 09:00:00+00:00
archived: false
ai_board: true
product_images:
  - images/aiml-sd-front.jpg
  - images/aiml-sd-back.jpg
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: AI_ML
      tab_link: /product/aiml/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/aiml/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/aiml/
      tab_position: 2
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: AI_ML
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/i.imx8x-ai-ml/arrow-development-tools"
    from: Arrow Electronics
    type: board
    link-price: "$390.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: OS
      icon: fa-terminal
      items:
        - title: All Downloads
          link: /documentation/consumer/aiml/downloads/
    - title: More Info
      items:
        - title: Hardware User Manual
          link: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/aiml/hardware-docs/files/aiml-hw-user-guide.pdf
        - title: Schematics
          link: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/aiml/hardware-docs/files/aiml-sch.pdf

product_bottom_section:
    - title: Accessories
      url: /products/accessories/
      items:
        - title: Power
          link: /product/power/
        - title: Adapter
          link: /product/adapter/
        - title: Debug
          link: /product/debug/
        - title: Misc
          link: /product/misc/
    - title: Mezzanine
      url: /products/mezzanine/
      items:
        - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
          link: /product/d3camera/
        - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
          link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
        - title: UART Serial
          link: /product/uartserial/
        - title: Sensors Mezzanine
          link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
        - title: Audio Mezzanine
          link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      NXP i.MX 8X
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >-
      Arm A35 Quad-Core 64-bit @ 1.2 GHz <br> Cortex-M4F Core
  - name: "GPU"
    value: >-
      1x 3D GPU Vivante® GC7000Lite
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >-
      2 GB LPDDR4 @ 1,600 MHz Industrial Temp by Micron
  - name: "Storage"
    value: >-
      microSD Socket <br> 512 Mb NOR FLASH on Octal-SPI <br> 256 Kb EEPROM
  - name: "Ethernet"
    value: 10/100/1000 Mbit/s
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      Cypress’ industry-leading 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Dual-Mode Bluetooth wireless connectivity
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Host: 2x USB Type-A 3.0 <br> OTG: 1x type micro-AB, 2.0 high-speed
  - name: "Display"
    value: >-
      HDMI Output <br> Dual MIPI DSI Support
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      96Boards Compliant: <br> 40-Pin Low Speed Header <br> 60-Pin High Speed Header
  - name: "LED"
    value: >-
      4x green user controlled LEDs <br> 1x blue Bluetooth enabled <br> 1x yellow WiFi enabled <br> 1x red power supply okay
  - name: "Buttons"
    value: >-
      Power and Reset
  - name: "Power"
    value: >-
      DC Power Jack: 1.65mm Center Positive <br> 8v - 18v upto 24W
  - name: "OS Support"
    values:
      - title: Linux
  - name: "Other"
    value: >
      DSP -	Tensilica HiFi 4 DSP Core
  - name: "Dimensions"
    values:
      - title: "width"
        value: 85mm
      - title: "length"
        value: 100mm
---

## Do More with i.MX 8X SoC

The i.MX 8X SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A35 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 30 fps. These features alone make the AI_ML board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics, local AI systems, monitoring and drones.

## Feel Secure with the i.MX 8X SoC

The i.MX 8X SoC boasts a wide range of security features for ensuring device integrity, making it ideal for applications involving sensitive data (such as IoT). Security features built into the i.MX 8X include HAB, SRTC, TrustZone, SHA_256, 3DES, ARC4, MD5, Tamper and Inline Enc Engine.Connect to the World with the AI_ML When it comes to connectivity, the AI_ML demonstrates its dominance in the single-board computer market. One low-speed 40pin and one high-speed 60-pin connector allow the AI_ML to be easily expanded and connected to external circuitry and systems.

***

## Additional Information

<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description |
|:---------------------|:--------------|
|  SoC                 | NXP i.MX 8X |
|  CPU                 | Arm A35 Quad-Core 64-bit @ 1.2 GHz <br> Cortex-M4F Core  |
|  DSP                 | Tensilica HiFi 4 DSP Core |
|  GPU                 | 1x 3D GPU Vivante® GC7000Lite |
|  RAM                 | 2 GB LPDDR4 @ 1,600 MHz Industrial Temp by Micron |
|  Storage             | microSD Socket <br> 512 Mb NOR FLASH on Octal-SPI <br> 256 Kb EEPROM |
|  Ethernet Port       | 10/100/1000 Mbit/s |
|  Wireless            | Cypress’ industry-leading 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Dual-Mode Bluetooth wireless connectivity |
|  USB                 | Host: 2x USB Type-A 3.0 <br> OTG: 1x type micro-AB, 2.0 high-speed |
|  Display             | HDMI Output <br> Dual MIPI DSI Support |
|  Expansion Interface | 96Boards Compliant: <br> 40-Pin Low Speed Header <br> 60-Pin High Speed Header                                         |
|  LED                 | 4x green user controlled LEDs <br> 1x blue Bluetooth enabled <br> 1x yellow WiFi enabled <br> 1x red power supply okay |
|  Button              | Power and Reset                                                                                                        |
|  Power Source        | DC Power Jack: 1.65mm Center Positive <br> 8v - 18v upto 24W                                                           |
|  Size                | 100 x 85 mm                                                                                                            |
{:.hidden_rows}
</div>

Commit message:

multiple fixes
- explain 96 in 96boards. fixes #1285
- remove old openhours agenda
- add attributes for Akebi96. fixes #1216
- add auto edition boiler plate
- add ai pages for thor96 aiml tb96-ai tb96ai-iot
- add ai_board_desc for all ai boards
- add ae spec logos
- add ae spec in display-products.html

Signed-off-by: Sahaj Sarup <sahaj.sarup@linaro.org>

_product/ce/aiml/README.md, after:

---
title: AI_ML
layout: product
permalink: /product/aiml/ 
description: |-
    The i.MX 8X SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A35 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 30 fps. These features alone make the AI_ML board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics local AI systems, monitoring and drones.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, imx8, AI, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: "The AI_ML Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8X SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A35, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth® wireless technology and a wide range of I/O."
product_specification: ce
shortname: aiml
product: true
dateAdded: 2020-01-20 09:00:00+00:00
archived: false
ai_board: true
ai_board_desc: >
    The i.MX 8X SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A35 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 30 fps. These features alone make the AI_ML board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics, local AI systems, monitoring and drones.
product_images:
  - images/aiml-sd-front.jpg
  - images/aiml-sd-back.jpg
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: AI_ML
      tab_link: /product/aiml/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/aiml/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/aiml/
      tab_position: 2
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: AI_ML
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/i.imx8x-ai-ml/arrow-development-tools"
    from: Arrow Electronics
    type: board
    link-price: "$390.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: OS
      icon: fa-terminal
      items:
        - title: All Downloads
          link: /documentation/consumer/aiml/downloads/
    - title: More Info
      items:
        - title: Hardware User Manual
          link: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/aiml/hardware-docs/files/aiml-hw-user-guide.pdf
        - title: Schematics
          link: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/aiml/hardware-docs/files/aiml-sch.pdf

product_bottom_section:
    - title: Accessories
      url: /products/accessories/
      items:
        - title: Power
          link: /product/power/
        - title: Adapter
          link: /product/adapter/
        - title: Debug
          link: /product/debug/
        - title: Misc
          link: /product/misc/
    - title: Mezzanine
      url: /products/mezzanine/
      items:
        - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
          link: /product/d3camera/
        - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
          link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
        - title: UART Serial
          link: /product/uartserial/
        - title: Sensors Mezzanine
          link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
        - title: Audio Mezzanine
          link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      NXP i.MX 8X
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >-
      Arm A35 Quad-Core 64-bit @ 1.2 GHz <br> Cortex-M4F Core
  - name: "GPU"
    value: >-
      1x 3D GPU Vivante® GC7000Lite
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >-
      2 GB LPDDR4 @ 1,600 MHz Industrial Temp by Micron
  - name: "Storage"
    value: >-
      microSD Socket <br> 512 Mb NOR FLASH on Octal-SPI <br> 256 Kb EEPROM
  - name: "Ethernet"
    value: 10/100/1000 Mbit/s
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      Cypress’ industry-leading 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Dual-Mode Bluetooth wireless connectivity
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Host: 2x USB Type-A 3.0 <br> OTG: 1x type micro-AB, 2.0 high-speed
  - name: "Display"
    value: >-
      HDMI Output <br> Dual MIPI DSI Support
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      96Boards Compliant: <br> 40-Pin Low Speed Header <br> 60-Pin High Speed Header
  - name: "LED"
    value: >-
      4x green user controlled LEDs <br> 1x blue Bluetooth enabled <br> 1x yellow WiFi enabled <br> 1x red power supply okay
  - name: "Buttons"
    value: >-
      Power and Reset
  - name: "Power"
    value: >-
      DC Power Jack: 1.65mm Center Positive <br> 8v - 18v upto 24W
  - name: "OS Support"
    values:
      - title: Linux
  - name: "Other"
    value: >
      DSP -	Tensilica HiFi 4 DSP Core
  - name: "Dimensions"
    values:
      - title: "width"
        value: 85mm
      - title: "length"
        value: 100mm
---

## Do More with i.MX 8X SoC

The i.MX 8X SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A35 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 30 fps. These features alone make the AI_ML board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics, local AI systems, monitoring and drones.

## Feel Secure with the i.MX 8X SoC

The i.MX 8X SoC boasts a wide range of security features for ensuring device integrity, making it ideal for applications involving sensitive data (such as IoT). Security features built into the i.MX 8X include HAB, SRTC, TrustZone, SHA_256, 3DES, ARC4, MD5, Tamper and Inline Enc Engine.Connect to the World with the AI_ML When it comes to connectivity, the AI_ML demonstrates its dominance in the single-board computer market. One low-speed 40pin and one high-speed 60-pin connector allow the AI_ML to be easily expanded and connected to external circuitry and systems.

***

## Additional Information

<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description |
|:---------------------|:--------------|
|  SoC                 | NXP i.MX 8X |
|  CPU                 | Arm A35 Quad-Core 64-bit @ 1.2 GHz <br> Cortex-M4F Core  |
|  DSP                 | Tensilica HiFi 4 DSP Core |
|  GPU                 | 1x 3D GPU Vivante® GC7000Lite |
|  RAM                 | 2 GB LPDDR4 @ 1,600 MHz Industrial Temp by Micron |
|  Storage             | microSD Socket <br> 512 Mb NOR FLASH on Octal-SPI <br> 256 Kb EEPROM |
|  Ethernet Port       | 10/100/1000 Mbit/s |
|  Wireless            | Cypress’ industry-leading 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Dual-Mode Bluetooth wireless connectivity |
|  USB                 | Host: 2x USB Type-A 3.0 <br> OTG: 1x type micro-AB, 2.0 high-speed |
|  Display             | HDMI Output <br> Dual MIPI DSI Support |
|  Expansion Interface | 96Boards Compliant: <br> 40-Pin Low Speed Header <br> 60-Pin High Speed Header                                         |
|  LED                 | 4x green user controlled LEDs <br> 1x blue Bluetooth enabled <br> 1x yellow WiFi enabled <br> 1x red power supply okay |
|  Button              | Power and Reset                                                                                                        |
|  Power Source        | DC Power Jack: 1.65mm Center Positive <br> 8v - 18v upto 24W                                                           |
|  Size                | 100 x 85 mm                                                                                                            |
{:.hidden_rows}
</div>
