index.md, before:

---
title: 96Boards - Develop & Prototype on the Latest Arm Technology
description: >-
    Products built with the latest silicon, based on open platform specifications for developers, makers and businesses
permalink: "/"
keywords: Arm, Silicon, AI, Developer Boards, Developers, Makers, SoC, Consumer, IoT, Enterprise
layout: flow
css-package: home
js-package: home
jumbotron:
  slider:
    - title: Develop & Prototype on the Latest Arm Technology
      title-class: big-title
      description: >
        Products built with the latest silicon, based on open platform specifications for developers, makers and businesses
      darken: true
      image: /assets/images/content/96boards-home-image-2.jpg
    - title: 96Boards announces launch of Rockchip RK3399 Board Compliant with 96Boards SOM specification
      description: >
         96Boards Manufacturing Partner Geniatech announced the launch of another Rockchip RK3399 Board and Carrier Board
      darken: true
      slide-style: "background-position-y: bottom;"
      image: /assets/images/content/PR_96Boards_banner_pic.jpg
      buttons:
        - title: Learn more
          url: https://www.linaro.org/news/96boards-announces-launch-of-rockchip-rk3399-som-board/
flow:
    - row: custom_include_row
      source: featured-products.html
    - row: custom_include_row
      source: specifications.html
    - row: custom_include_row
      source: latest-blogs.html
    - row: custom_include_row
      source: projects.html
---

Commit message:

Added the Giveaway homepage slider item

index.md, after:

---
title: 96Boards - Develop & Prototype on the Latest Arm Technology
description: >-
    Products built with the latest silicon, based on open platform specifications for developers, makers and businesses
permalink: "/"
keywords: Arm, Silicon, AI, Developer Boards, Developers, Makers, SoC, Consumer, IoT, Enterprise
layout: flow
css-package: home
js-package: home
jumbotron:
  slider:
    - title: Avenger96 / Stinger96 Giveaway
      title-class: big-title
      description: >
        96Boards have teamed up with Arrow, ST and Shiratech to give you the chance to get a free Avenger96 or Stinger96. This is an online campaign dedicated to Arrow's 96Boards products, main and mezzanine, around STM's MP1 96Boards.
      darken: true
      image: /assets/images/content/96boards_giveaway_social_image.png
    - title: Develop & Prototype on the Latest Arm Technology
      title-class: big-title
      description: >
        Products built with the latest silicon, based on open platform specifications for developers, makers and businesses
      darken: true
      image: /assets/images/content/96boards-home-image-2.jpg
    - title: 96Boards announces launch of Rockchip RK3399 Board Compliant with 96Boards SOM specification
      description: >
         96Boards Manufacturing Partner Geniatech announced the launch of another Rockchip RK3399 Board and Carrier Board
      darken: true
      slide-style: "background-position-y: bottom;"
      image: /assets/images/content/PR_96Boards_banner_pic.jpg
      buttons:
        - title: Learn more
          url: https://www.linaro.org/news/96boards-announces-launch-of-rockchip-rk3399-som-board/
flow:
    - row: custom_include_row
      source: featured-products.html
    - row: custom_include_row
      source: specifications.html
    - row: custom_include_row
      source: latest-blogs.html
    - row: custom_include_row
      source: projects.html
---
