_product/mezzanine/xinabox-b901/README.md, before:

---
title: X in a Box B901
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/xinabox-b901/
shortname: B901
description: |-
    This ☒CHIP is designed to interface with the 96 Boards, such as the Dragonboard 410c. This provides an interface to support the ☒CHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc.
display_product: true
product_support_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: X in a Box B901
    tab_link: /product/xinabox-b901/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/xinabox-b901/
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_align_right: true
featured_product_order: 9
is_featured: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: "This ☒CHIP is designed to interface with the 96 Boards, such as the Dragonboard 410c. This provides an interface to support the ☒CHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc."
product_long_desc: |-
    This ☒CHIP is designed to interface with the 96 Boards, such as the Dragonboard 410c. This provides an interface to support the ☒CHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc.
product_images:
  - xinabox-b901-front-sd.png
  - xinabox-b901-back-sd.png
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: X in a Box
    link-url: https://xinabox.cc/products/b901
product_more_info:
  - title: B901-96 Wiki
    link: https://wiki.xinabox.cc/B901_-_96_Boards_Bridge
  - title: B901-96 Guides on Github
    link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/tree/master/mezzanine/xinabox-b901
product: true
archived: false
---

This ☒CHIP is designed to interface with the 96 Boards, such as the Dragonboard 410c. This provides an interface to support the ☒CHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc.

## Buy Now

- [X in a Box](https://xinabox.cc/products/b901)

***

## Additional Resources

- [B901-96 Wiki](https://wiki.xinabox.cc/B901_-_96_Boards_Bridge)
- [B901-96 Guides on Github](https://github.com/96boards/documentation/tree/master/mezzanine/xinabox-b901)

Commit message:

Feature/refactoring 96boards website repo (#1215)
* Added board attributes from the board-details.yml data file to the front matter for each board

* Removed old data files

* Replaced references to the board-details.yml data file with the site.product collection since all attributes data has been moved to a products README

* Updated the featured-products include

* Added the revamped website sass styles

* Added the nav.html override with the bootstrap container added

* Added the universal-nav.html include

* Removed old _config-china.yml file

* Moving the projects/blog menu items to the initiatives menu

_product/mezzanine/xinabox-b901/README.md, after:

---
title: X in a Box B901
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/xinabox-b901/
shortname: B901
description: |-
    This ☒CHIP is designed to interface with the 96 Boards, such as the Dragonboard 410c. This provides an interface to support the ☒CHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc.
display_product: true
product_support_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: X in a Box B901
    tab_link: /product/xinabox-b901/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/xinabox-b901/
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_align_right: true
featured_product_order: 9
is_featured: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: "This ☒CHIP is designed to interface with the 96 Boards, such as the Dragonboard 410c. This provides an interface to support the ☒CHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc."
product_long_desc: |-
    This ☒CHIP is designed to interface with the 96 Boards, such as the Dragonboard 410c. This provides an interface to support the ☒CHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc.
product_images:
  - xinabox-b901-front-sd.png
  - xinabox-b901-back-sd.png
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: X in a Box
    link-url: https://xinabox.cc/products/b901
product_more_info:
  - title: B901-96 Wiki
    link: https://wiki.xinabox.cc/B901_-_96_Boards_Bridge
  - title: B901-96 Guides on Github
    link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/tree/master/mezzanine/xinabox-b901
product: true
archived: false
dateAdded: 2018-06-28 09:00:00+00:00
attributes:
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      "
      2 x xBUS connections to interface with xCHIPS
      "
  - name: "LED"
    value: >-
      "
      Yes
      "
  - name: "Other"
    value: >-
      "
      Provides an interface to support the xCHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc.
      "

---

This ☒CHIP is designed to interface with the 96 Boards, such as the Dragonboard 410c. This provides an interface to support the ☒CHIP ecosystem, adding support for many additional sensors etc.

## Buy Now

- [X in a Box](https://xinabox.cc/products/b901)

***

## Additional Resources

- [B901-96 Wiki](https://wiki.xinabox.cc/B901_-_96_Boards_Bridge)
- [B901-96 Guides on Github](https://github.com/96boards/documentation/tree/master/mezzanine/xinabox-b901)
