_product/mezzanine/README.md, before:

---
layout: empty-row-page
title: Mezzanine Products
description: |-
    96Boards mezzanine products let you expand your Consumer Edition or Enterprise
    Edition 96Boards with new interfaces for IoT, industrial control, and other
    embedded applications. The following mezzanine expansion boards are currently available.
specification-logo-path: /images/96Boards-Logo_Partner-small.png
---

# Mezzanine


96Boards mezzanine products let you expand your [Consumer Edition](https://www.96boards.org/products/ce/) or [Enterprise Edition](https://www.96boards.org/products/ee/) 96Boards with new interfaces for IoT, industrial control, and other
embedded applications. The following mezzanine expansion boards are currently available.

***

| Mezzanine                               | About                                                   | Options                                 | 
|:---------------------------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------:|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/stm32/images/STM32_Front.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/stm32/images/STM32_Front.png?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **STM32**  | Board based around the STM32F446 MCU, enables users to prototype systems that are aware of their environment  | [View Product](stm32/README.md)<br> |
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/linkspritesensorkit/images/LinkSprite_Front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/linkspritesensorkit/images/LinkSprite_Front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **LinkSprite**           | Kit contains Linker mezzanine card and loft modules, great way to get started with 96Boards  | [View Product](linkspritesensorkit/README.md)<br> |
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/uartserial/images/96boards_uarts_Front.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/uartserial/images/96boards_uarts_Front.png?raw=true" width="200" height="70" /><br> **UART Serial Adaptor**  | This adapter is a USB to UART interface to be used with any 96Boards compatible baseboard  | [View Product](uartserial/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/sensors-mezzanine/images/96Boards_Sensors_Front.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/sensors-mezzanine/images/96Boards_Sensors_Front.png?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **Sensor Mezzanine**     | Kit contains Seeed Sensor Mezzanine card and many sensors, great way to get started with 96Boards  | [View Product](sensors-mezzanine/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/aerocore2/images/AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/aerocore2/images/AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="80" /><br> **AeroCore2**            | MAV control board featuring an integrated Cortex-M4 microprocessor and NuttX RTOS  | [View Product](aerocore2/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/mipiadapter/images/MIPI_Front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/mipiadapter/images/MIPI_Front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **MIPI Adapter**         | This board is used to easily integrate image sensors into your camera projects  | [View Product](mipiadapter/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/ethernetcard/images/Ethernet_Front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/ethernetcard/images/Ethernet_Front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **Ethernet**             | The PoE + Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet  | [View Product](ethernetcard/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/d3camera/images/Camera%20Mezzanine%20Board%20OV5640_front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/d3camera/images/Camera%20Mezzanine%20Board%20OV5640_front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **D3 Camera**            | This Camera Mezzanine Board OV5640 enables direct connection of up to two MIPI CSI-2 cameras to the DragonBoard™ 410c  | [View Product](d3camera/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/neonkey/images/crop-sd/neonkey-front-crop-sd.JPG?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/neonkey/images/crop-sd/neonkey-front-crop-sd.JPG?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **NeonKey**            | NeonKey is a mezzanine board by Tocoding  | [View Product](neonkey/README.md)<br>|

Commit message:

Added Mezzanine guidelines link to html and .md
Link to Mezzanine guidelines has been added to mezzanine
landing page.

Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

_product/mezzanine/README.md, after:

---
layout: empty-row-page
title: Mezzanine Products
description: |-
    96Boards mezzanine products let you expand your Consumer Edition or Enterprise
    Edition 96Boards with new interfaces for IoT, industrial control, and other
    embedded applications. The following mezzanine expansion boards are currently available.
    
Please take some time to review our [mezzanine guidelines](https://github.com/96boards/documentation/raw/master/mezzanine/files/mezzanine-design-guidelines.pdf) document for some helpful design guidelines and resources.
specification-logo-path: /images/96Boards-Logo_Partner-small.png
---

# Mezzanine


96Boards mezzanine products let you expand your [Consumer Edition](https://www.96boards.org/products/ce/) or [Enterprise Edition](https://www.96boards.org/products/ee/) 96Boards with new interfaces for IoT, industrial control, and other
embedded applications. The following mezzanine expansion boards are currently available.

Please take some time to review our [mezzanine guidelines](https://github.com/96boards/documentation/raw/master/mezzanine/files/mezzanine-design-guidelines.pdf) document for some helpful design guidelines and resources.

***

| Mezzanine                               | About                                                   | Options                                 | 
|:---------------------------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------:|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/stm32/images/STM32_Front.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/stm32/images/STM32_Front.png?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **STM32**  | Board based around the STM32F446 MCU, enables users to prototype systems that are aware of their environment  | [View Product](stm32/README.md)<br> |
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/linkspritesensorkit/images/LinkSprite_Front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/linkspritesensorkit/images/LinkSprite_Front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **LinkSprite**           | Kit contains Linker mezzanine card and loft modules, great way to get started with 96Boards  | [View Product](linkspritesensorkit/README.md)<br> |
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/uartserial/images/96boards_uarts_Front.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/uartserial/images/96boards_uarts_Front.png?raw=true" width="200" height="70" /><br> **UART Serial Adaptor**  | This adapter is a USB to UART interface to be used with any 96Boards compatible baseboard  | [View Product](uartserial/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/sensors-mezzanine/images/96Boards_Sensors_Front.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/sensors-mezzanine/images/96Boards_Sensors_Front.png?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **Sensor Mezzanine**     | Kit contains Seeed Sensor Mezzanine card and many sensors, great way to get started with 96Boards  | [View Product](sensors-mezzanine/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/aerocore2/images/AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/aerocore2/images/AeroCore-2-Mezzanine-front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="80" /><br> **AeroCore2**            | MAV control board featuring an integrated Cortex-M4 microprocessor and NuttX RTOS  | [View Product](aerocore2/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/mipiadapter/images/MIPI_Front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/mipiadapter/images/MIPI_Front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **MIPI Adapter**         | This board is used to easily integrate image sensors into your camera projects  | [View Product](mipiadapter/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/ethernetcard/images/Ethernet_Front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/ethernetcard/images/Ethernet_Front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **Ethernet**             | The PoE + Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet  | [View Product](ethernetcard/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/d3camera/images/Camera%20Mezzanine%20Board%20OV5640_front.jpg?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/d3camera/images/Camera%20Mezzanine%20Board%20OV5640_front.jpg?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **D3 Camera**            | This Camera Mezzanine Board OV5640 enables direct connection of up to two MIPI CSI-2 cameras to the DragonBoard™ 410c  | [View Product](d3camera/README.md)<br>|
| <img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/neonkey/images/crop-sd/neonkey-front-crop-sd.JPG?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/neonkey/images/crop-sd/neonkey-front-crop-sd.JPG?raw=true" width="200" height="95" /><br> **NeonKey**            | NeonKey is a mezzanine board by Tocoding  | [View Product](neonkey/README.md)<br>|
