go/2018-arrow-shiratech-hack/README.md, before:

---
title: Arrow / Shiratech - Online Hackathon
description: |-
    Arrow and Shiratech host an online hackathon around any Arrow/Shiratech 96Boards technologies.
permalink: /go/2018-arrow-shiratech-hack/
layout: container-breadcrumb
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
---

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

We invite Linaro developers and Linaro Connect attendees to join us for a fun and challenging Hackathon based on 96Boards, made by [Arrow Electronics](https://www.arrow.com/) and [Shiratech-solutions](http://www.shiratech-solutions.com/).
 
The accepted Hackathon participants will each receive a kit consisting of an Arrow Dragonboard and three Shiratech 96Boards Mezzanines to take home and develop on. The Hackathon will end on November 13th.
 
Registration starts now and will remain open until September 19th. To register, please populate the form found on this page. You can enter the hackathon as an individual or a team with up to four members.

Attila:  aambrus@arroweurope.com
Ramon: ramon.h@shiratech-solutions.com

Great prizes for the three winning projects!
 
Interested? Please read more below.

***

## Contest Kit

- Every participant will receive a kit (free of charge) that contains the following parts:
- Arrow Dragonboard 410C
- **LTE Mezzanine**:  An LTE CAT4 cell modem with on-board 9-axis orientation, gesture, proximity, range and temperature sensors.   
- **FPGA Mezzanine**: based on Intel Max10 FPGA with an onboard and Arduino expansion connectors
- **Bosch Sensor Mezzanine**:  includes pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer and magnetometer.

Note: If required, for EU based participants we can provide an EU LTE Mezzanine board fit for use in Europe (in addition to the N. America module)

***

## Scope

- Create a working project using the provided kit
- For the project it is mandatory to use the Dragonboard 410C and at least one of the Shiratech Mezzanines provided in the kit.
- Use as many features of the provided Hardware as possible, add other elements such as sensors, toys, … and create the most amazing/crazy/fancy demo of all.

***

## Data sources

- For images and SW/HW support please use the 96Boards.org as your main source
- For any tricky questions Arrow and Shiratech will provide support (support@shiratech-solutions.com)
- We will open a special Hackathon resource section with all Shiratech Mezzanine related information on Shirtech-solutions web site

***

## Prizes

- 1st Place - Grand Price
- 2nd Place - Honorable Mention
- 3rd Place - Honorable Mention

***

## Timeline

- Registration starts at Linaro Connect YVR18 (September 17th)
- Request to participate must be submitted on or before Wednesday, September 19th - 11:59pm local time
- Submissions will be evaluated on Thursday, September 20th
- Winning submissions will be notified by email
- Winning submissions must pick up their hack kit on Demo Friday at the Arrow / Shiratech booth

***

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf8fBjODoRlq1yUFVa7a1DfGfAGQjQ1hwISZBHuofy757k-pw/viewform?embedded=true" width="640" height="897" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="openhours-panel" markdown="1" id="openhours-panel">

<iframe width="350" height="180" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2265092" frameborder="0"></iframe>

1) Must use Arrow and Shiratech, 96Boards technologies

2) Final project must be published to the [96Boards Projects Org](https://github.com/96boards-projects)

3) Must include one or more video demonstrations, with explanation of final project.

***

## DragonBoard 410c Playlist

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1N-u1hXeJ5PNukSBplbhEE" %}

***

## OpenHours Playlist

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
</div>

Commit message:

Small changes to trigger website build
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

go/2018-arrow-shiratech-hack/README.md, after:

---
title: Arrow / Shiratech - Online Hackathon
description: |-
    Arrow and Shiratech host an online hackathon around any Arrow/Shiratech 96Boards technologies.
permalink: /go/2018-arrow-shiratech-hack/
layout: container-breadcrumb
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
---

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

We invite Linaro developers and Linaro Connect attendees to join us for a fun and challenging Hackathon based on 96Boards, made by [Arrow Electronics](https://www.arrow.com/) and [Shiratech-solutions](http://www.shiratech-solutions.com/).
 
The accepted Hackathon participants will each receive a kit consisting of an Arrow Dragonboard and three Shiratech 96Boards Mezzanines to take home and develop on. The Hackathon will end on November 13th.
 
Registration starts now and will remain open until September 19th. To register, please populate the form found on this page. You can enter the hackathon as an individual or a team with up to four members.

- Attila:  aambrus@arroweurope.com
- Ramon: ramon.h@shiratech-solutions.com
- Robert: robert.wolff@linaro.org

Great prizes for the three winning projects!

***

## Contest Kit

- Every participant will receive a kit (free of charge) that contains the following parts:
- Arrow Dragonboard 410C
- **LTE Mezzanine**:  An LTE CAT4 cell modem with on-board 9-axis orientation, gesture, proximity, range and temperature sensors.   
- **FPGA Mezzanine**: based on Intel Max10 FPGA with an onboard and Arduino expansion connectors
- **Bosch Sensor Mezzanine**:  includes pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer and magnetometer.

Note: If required, for EU based participants we can provide an EU LTE Mezzanine board fit for use in Europe (in addition to the N. America module)

***

## Scope

- Create a working project using the provided kit
- For the project it is mandatory to use the Dragonboard 410c (or other Arrow 96Boards) and at least one of the Shiratech Mezzanines provided in the kit.
- Use as many features of the provided Hardware as possible, add other elements such as sensors, toys, etc… and create the most amazing/crazy/fancy demo of all.
- Judges will score each project based on the following criteria:
   - Technical Difficulty
   - Innovation
   - Creativity
   - Usefulness/Practicality
   - Business Potential

***

## Data sources

- For images and SW/HW support please use the 96Boards.org as your main source
- For any tricky questions Arrow and Shiratech will provide support (support@shiratech-solutions.com)
- We will open a special Hackathon resource section with all Shiratech Mezzanine related information on Shirtech-solutions web site

***

## Prizes

- 1st Place - Grand Price
- 2nd Place - Honorable Mention
- 3rd Place - Honorable Mention

**Winners will be announced during [Electronica](https://electronica.de/index.html)**

***

## Timeline

- Registration starts at Linaro Connect YVR18 (September 17th)
- Request to participate must be submitted on or before Wednesday, September 19th - 11:59pm local time
- Submissions will be evaluated on Thursday, September 20th
- Winning submissions will be notified by email
- Winning submissions must pick up their hack kit on Demo Friday at the Arrow / Shiratech booth

***

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf8fBjODoRlq1yUFVa7a1DfGfAGQjQ1hwISZBHuofy757k-pw/viewform?embedded=true" width="640" height="897" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="openhours-panel" markdown="1" id="openhours-panel">

<iframe width="350" height="180" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2265092" frameborder="0"></iframe>

1) Must use Arrow and Shiratech, 96Boards technologies

2) Final project must be published to the [96Boards Projects Org](https://github.com/96boards-projects)

3) Must include one or more video demonstrations, with explanation of final project.

***

## Interview with Shiratech - LTE Mezzanine

{% include media.html media_url="https://youtu.be/v0ZLiVPP-So" %}

***

## Interview with Shiratech - FPGA Mezzanine

{% include media.html media_url="https://youtu.be/zjiPDSecA_M" %}

***

## DragonBoard 410c Playlist

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1N-u1hXeJ5PNukSBplbhEE" %}

***

## OpenHours Playlist

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
</div>
