---
title: EFY India Electronics Week Conference 2018
author: Manivannan Sadhasivam
date: 2018-03-06 01:01:54+00:00
image:
    featured: true
    path: /assets/images/iew-2018.png
    name: iew-2018.jpg
    thumb: /assets/images/blog/thumbs/iew-2018-thumb.jpg
categories: blog
tags: 64-bit, 96Boards, aarch64, ARM, ARMv8, Consumer Edition, IoT Edition, Carbon, Nitrogen, DB410c, dragonboard410c, Linaro, Linux, Zephyr, Automotive, Conference, ElectronicsForU, EFY, Machine Learning
---

# Introduction

Electronics For U (EFY) group hosts
[India Electronics Week](https://www.indiaelectronicsweek.com/), a new age
technology show for those interested in latest technology, every year around
India. This year's IEW conference is a great success and as per EFY,
"This time the 2018 edition witnessed 10-plus conferences
and 15-plus workshops, 150-plus exhibitors and 10,000-plus visitors. The
other more interesting figures are: 100-plus speakers, 3,000-plus conference
delegates, over 31 per cent of visitors traveled from outside Karnataka for
the show". The above quote portrays how much the show has been valued in India.
As far as I know, this is one the biggest conferences happening in India around
cutting edge technologies.

This blog summarises the experience of me representing 96Boards for the first
time and also some generic feedback about the event.

# 96Boards Arrival

The event was scheduled from 7th February 2018 to 9th February 2018. There
were 4 kinds of passes released for the conference,

* Expo
* Single day
* Business
* Pro

More info about the passes are available [here](https://www.indiaelectronicsweek.com/types-of-passes/).
I initially planned to attend conference for the fist two days only, so
decided to go with **Business* pass.

For attending the conference, I arrived at Bangalore on the first day morning,
7th Feb 2018. Hotel was already booked and I straightaway headed towards
the hotel upon arrival. There I took a nap and freshed myself for the conference
at 8.30AM. Breakfast was provided at the hotel itself, so I grabbed some Idly's
and walked towards the venue, KTPO.

# First day - 7th Feb 2018

I arrived at the venue sharply at 9AM and collected my badge and some swags. I
have to say that, this part of the conference was hassle free. Since, I have
already booked the passes through online, my badge was already ready beforehand.

## Pre Lunch Session

After collecting the badge, I headed towards the hall **Aryabhatta**, where the
keynote session **"DISRUPTIVE TECHNOLOGIES: THE NEW NORMAL** was going on. This
keynote session revolved around the latest emerging technologies such as AI,
Machine Learning, IoT, Blockchain etc...

{% include image.html name="efy_keynote_1.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

At the session itself, I found one of
the coolest and smartest person I have ever met, Mr. Balajee Seshadri. He is an
experienced Embedded Systems professional and also the most viewed writer in Quora
for Electronics and Communications Engineering.

He has spent almost 31 years working in Embedded systems field and now he is
helping the students community by offering free classes in the topics of
Electronics, Embedded Systems, C and much more... Since meeting for the first
time, we introduced each other and had some coffee together. He was very much
interested in getting 96Boards into the hands of every person who is willing
to learn Embedded Systems and Linux. The main reason he chosed 96Boards was
the OpenSource nature we have adopted. Yes! most of the hardware and software
details are freely available at our [website](https://www.96boards.org/) for all of the
96Boards.

After exchanging much valuable information, we both deicided to roam around the
conference to visit the stalls hosted by various companies in and around India.

To be honest, the entire conference hall was flooded by the booths/stalls.

{% include image.html name="efy_hallway.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

That's why I said, this is the biggest event happening in India around the
emerging technologies. First of all, we started from our 96Boards partner booth
[ST Microelectronics](http://www.st.com/content/st_com/en.html). As we expected,
they had showcased their awesome collection of Cortex-M based boards and its
daughter/expansion cards for Display, Connectivity etc... Those solutions were
completely built by ST and it showed their commitment towards it.

{% include image.html name="efy_st_1.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

{% include image.html name="efy_st_2.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

{% include image.html name="efy_st_3.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

After going through all the boards/solutions, I can see no ST based 96Boards.
So, I met some of the representatives from ST and introduced myself as a
96Boards representative. Surprisingly, they were not aware of 96Boards/Linaro.
So, I explained them about our company and 96Boards initiative, ST being a
member of Linaro etc... and finally they realised how important is 96Boards
as a platform for ST. Also, they promised me to showcase our ST based 96Boards
in the future conferences and also invite me to their booth.

All ended well. After finishing ST and several startup booths, we breaked out
for lunch. There too EFY group has done a great work by serving a variety of
Indian foods for both Veg and Non-Veg. We (Me and Balajee Seshadri) had lunch
together and back to the conference.

## Post Lunch Session

We started our post lunch session by visiting booths/stalls once again. One
of the remarkable one would be our visit to Fujitsu's booth. [Fujitsu](http://www.fujitsu.com/in/)
is the leading Japanese information and communication technology (ICT) company,
offering a full range of technology products, solutions and services.

{% include image.html name="efy_fujitsu_1.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

They had showcased their FRAM based solutions. [FRAM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferroelectric_RAM)
is being used lately as a replacement for EEPROM's as an onboard storage. They
have an impressive performace factor of consuming low power but providing much
more speed. Only drawback is, they are not so cheap as like EEPROM's.

For demonstrating the performance, Fujitsu showed a benchmark demo of capturing
an image and storing it onto both EEPROM and FRAM memory and retrieving it for
display. FRAM outcasted EEPROM by both performance and power efficiency.

{% include image.html name="efy_fujitsu_2.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

They also showed the demo of a battery less kerboard which can be used with
tablets/PCs. Their speciality is drawing power from the host wirelessly.

{% include image.html name="efy_fujitsu_3.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

After all, we left the Fujitsu booth and visited some local startup booths.
They were also up to the mark with their IoT based product solutions. This
fascinated me with the way how startup culture is growing in India.

Finally, it was time for tea. We grabbed some tea and headed towards the,
"IOTBRIX - BUILD, NOT CODE IOT DEVICES" session by Sridharan Mani of American
Megatrends. He showcased their product, [IoTbrix](https://ami.com/en/products/internet-of-things/iot-firmware-development-environment/), a simple drag and drop cloud based platform for building the IoT products.
It is much more like the [Simulink](https://www.mathworks.com/products/simulink.html)
platform by MathWorks. Once, the talk ended we had some snacks and I left for
the hotel.

# Second day - 8th Feb 2018

Second day was the final day of my stay at the EFY conference, since I had
plans only for the first two days. So, I took my back bag with all the
belongings and checked out from the hotel. On this day, I had planned to
meet some more people and check out the remaining booths.

## Pre Lunch Session

I reached the venue sharply at 9.00AM. On the entrance hall itself, I found
my college senior Mr. Karthikeyan Prakash. He is working a Project Engineer
in Techolution India Pvt Ltd. He was also happened to be a speaker, which
I came to know only when I saw the speakers list at the entrance. I was so
proud to meet him and we both shared some cool memories during college days.

From there on, I roamed with him (as I did with Balajee yesterday). We both
started the day with the keynote session on "THE SECURITY THREATS IN IoT
PARADIGM – A HYPE OR A SCARY REALITY?". The discussion was about the security
thread which will be imposed by the growing technolgies and how to avoid them.
A much needed discussion I would say.

{% include image.html name="efy_keynote_2.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

Then, we both visited the remaining booths and one of them was Toradex's booth.
[Toradex](https://www.toradex.com/) is the leading manufacturer of SoM based
solutions.

{% include image.html name="efy_toradex_1.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

At their booth, they showcased the new SoM based products featuring
various silicon manufacturers. They also had plenty of carrier boards for the
SoM modules for breaking out the connectors and pins.

{% include image.html name="efy_toradex_2.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

Next, we visited UniQtronics Booth. [UniQtronics](http://www.uniqtronics.com/)
is a PCB assembly and manufacturing company in India. One unique factor about
this company is their willingness to take orders in less quantity. Which most
of the companies deny doing so. They also showcased their range of PCB designs
and they all showed the capability of them to handle most of the packages.
This is something which 96Boards can take account for manufacturing our boards
in India.

{% include image.html name="efy_uniqtronics_1.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

Then, we went for having lunch together. I must say that the lunch was not that
great when compared to the first day.

## Post Lunch Session

After finishing lunch I introduced Mr. Balajee to Karthikeyan and we together
had some discussion about the IoT market and the education sector in India.
While we were having a discussion, one gentleman stopped by after seeing my
96Boards T shirt ;-)

He inquired me about Linaro and 96Boards initiative. I explained him and asked
him to join [OpenHours](https://www.96boards.org/openhours/) to know more about
96Boards and to be part of our vibrant community.

Next, me and Karthik attended the session by Intel, "INTEL'S IOT SECURITY PORTFOLIO".
It was so informative and mainly focussed on the security solutions from Intel
for the IoT gateway and nodes.

{% include image.html name="efy_intel_1.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

After the session, we met Mr.Rajesh Sola from KPIT Technologies. He is a well
known person in India's OpenSource world and a contributor to EFY's **OpenSource
For U** magazine. We decided to sit down and talk for a moment but sadly there
was no place to sit. So we moved to Speaker's lounge and continued our
conversation. During the talk, Karthikeyan showed us the product he and his
friends created, a Vehicle and Motorcycle GPS tracker. This product also has
the ability to report the vehicle's OBD (OnBoard Diagnostic Data) remotely.

{% include image.html name="efy_yoktra_1.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

I was so glad to see the first Automotive product coming out of Erode, my
hometown. Karthikeyan also told me his desire to use [Dragonboard410c](https://www.96boards.org/product/dragonboard410c/)
as the prototype platform for his upcoming IVI solution. Here, I have to
mention that Dragonboard410c is already supported in [AGL](https://www.automotivelinux.org/)
project and I have written a [blog series](https://www.96boards.org/blog/agl-on-dragonboard410c-part1/)
about it.

Finally, it was the time to say Goodbye to all the folks I met during these
two days. I also got a set of books written by Mr.Balajee in Electronics and
Embedded Systems as a present.

{% include image.html name="efy_balajee_1.jpg" alt="Your alternate text." %}

# Conclusion

I must admit that this EFY conference gave me an opportunity to meet some of
the bright minds of India. And since this was my first experience representing
96Boards at a conference in India, I was so privileged. This visit gave me a
chance to expose 96Boards to the domains of the hobbyists, educational and commercial
sectors in India. And I hope that we will be able to see more products coming
out of India with 96Boards.
