_product/mezzanine/neonkey/README.md, before:

---
title: SensorKey
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/sensorkey-mezzanine/
description: |-
    Coming soon...
redirect_from:
- /product/sensorkey
- /product/sensorkey-mezzanine
---
# SensorKey Mezzanine

96Boards Neonkey is the sensor hub platform for all 96Boards compliant family products.
​The Neonkey packs a Cortex-M4 chip, 512 Kbytes flash, 128 Kbytes SRAM, and more details of SPEC as below. 

## Buy Now

- [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/96Boards-Neonkey/32822916545.html?spm=2114.search0104.3.1.fg6Jg6&ws_ab_test=searchweb0_0,searchweb201602_4_10152_10065_10151_10068_10130_10084_10308_10083_10119_10080_10082_10081_10110_10178_10137_10111_10060_10112_10113_10155_10114_10154_438_10056_10055_10054_10310_10182_10059_100031_10099_10078_10079_10103_10073_10102_10120_5360020_10052_10053_10142_10107_10050_10051,searchweb201603_2,ppcSwitch_5&btsid=e957e00a-3821-4bd2-8dfe-31364a73b70c&algo_expid=bc968b00-cd8a-4d7f-9d9a-c39aa8be8adc-0&algo_pvid=bc968b00-cd8a-4d7f-9d9a-c39aa8be8adc)

***

## Features

| Component            | Description                                                                                               |
|:---------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| SoC                  | STMicroelectronics STM32F411CE                                                                            |
| CPU                  | ARM Cortex-M4                                                                                             |
| Clock Speed          | 100 MHz Maximum                                                                                           |
| SRAM                 | 128 Kbytes                                                                                                |
| Storage              | 512 Kbytes flash                                                                                          |
| Sensors              | Temp/Humidity, Preasure, ALS/Proximity, Geomagnetic, Accel/Gyro                                           |
| Expansion Interface  | 40 pin low-speed expansion connector, +1.8V, +5V, GND, SWDIO, SWCLK, UART, I2C, SPI, I2S, JTAG, MCU, GPIO |
| Digital Out Voltage  | 1.8V                                                                                                      |
| Analog In Voltage    | 3.3V                                                                                                      |
| LED                  | 16 x LEDs                                                                                                 |
| Button               | RST (Reset the STM32), USR (boot into bootloader for flashing)                                            |
| Size                 | 60x30mm                                                                                                   |

## Documents

- [AOSP Sensors Documentation](https://source.android.com/devices/sensors/)
- Schematics ([View](https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/sensorkey/files/neonkey-schematics) / [Download](https://github.com/96boards/website/raw/master/_product/mezzanine/sensorkey/files/neonkey-schematics))

Commit message:

Changes from SensorKey to NeonKey on landing page readme
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

_product/mezzanine/neonkey/README.md, after:

---
title: NeonKey
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/neonkey-mezzanine/
description: |-
    96Boards Neonkey is the sensor hub platform for all 96Boards compliant family products.
    ​The Neonkey packs a Cortex-M4 chip, 512 Kbytes flash, 128 Kbytes SRAM, and more details of SPEC as below.
redirect_from:
- /product/neonkey
- /product/neonkey-mezzanine
---
# NeonKey Mezzanine

96Boards Neonkey is the sensor hub platform for all 96Boards compliant family products.
​The Neonkey packs a Cortex-M4 chip, 512 Kbytes flash, 128 Kbytes SRAM, and more details of SPEC as below. 

## Buy Now

- [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/96Boards-Neonkey/32822916545.html?spm=2114.search0104.3.1.fg6Jg6&ws_ab_test=searchweb0_0,searchweb201602_4_10152_10065_10151_10068_10130_10084_10308_10083_10119_10080_10082_10081_10110_10178_10137_10111_10060_10112_10113_10155_10114_10154_438_10056_10055_10054_10310_10182_10059_100031_10099_10078_10079_10103_10073_10102_10120_5360020_10052_10053_10142_10107_10050_10051,searchweb201603_2,ppcSwitch_5&btsid=e957e00a-3821-4bd2-8dfe-31364a73b70c&algo_expid=bc968b00-cd8a-4d7f-9d9a-c39aa8be8adc-0&algo_pvid=bc968b00-cd8a-4d7f-9d9a-c39aa8be8adc)

***

## Features

| Component            | Description                                                                                               |
|:---------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| SoC                  | STMicroelectronics STM32F411CE                                                                            |
| CPU                  | ARM Cortex-M4                                                                                             |
| Clock Speed          | 100 MHz Maximum                                                                                           |
| SRAM                 | 128 Kbytes                                                                                                |
| Storage              | 512 Kbytes flash                                                                                          |
| Sensors              | Temp/Humidity, Preasure, ALS/Proximity, Geomagnetic, Accel/Gyro                                           |
| Expansion Interface  | 40 pin low-speed expansion connector, +1.8V, +5V, GND, SWDIO, SWCLK, UART, I2C, SPI, I2S, JTAG, MCU, GPIO |
| Digital Out Voltage  | 1.8V                                                                                                      |
| Analog In Voltage    | 3.3V                                                                                                      |
| LED                  | 16 x LEDs                                                                                                 |
| Button               | RST (Reset the STM32), USR (boot into bootloader for flashing)                                            |
| Size                 | 60x30mm                                                                                                   |

## Documents

- [AOSP Sensors Documentation](https://source.android.com/devices/sensors/)
- Schematics ([View](https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/sensorkey/files/neonkey-schematics) / [Download](https://github.com/96boards/website/raw/master/_product/mezzanine/sensorkey/files/neonkey-schematics))
