_go/san19/README.md, before:

---
title: SAN19 Linaro Connect - Community Day
description: |-
    Linaro Connect (Linaro and 96Boards) will host UCSD students from the Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering and Computer Science programs for a day packed full professions sessions, keynotes, a private seminar, lunch and a hackathon!
permalink: /go/san19-community/
layout: jumbotron-container
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
date: 2019-08-29 01:00:00+00:00
image: /assets/images/content/autonomous-robot-challenge.png
---

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

#### You're Invited!

Linaro and 96Boards are happy to invite UCSD Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, and Computer Science students to a day at [Linaro Connect](https://connect.linaro.org/), this year in San Diego!

#### Welcome to SAN19

You and your fellow classmates will be welcomed at the [Paridise Point Resort](https://paradisepoint.com/resort/) with coffee and open arms as you prepare to enjoy a day full of professional sessions, breakouts, and Keynotes lead by some of the tech industries greatest minds (including engineers and executives from [Qualcomm](https://sched.co/SwpZ), [Riken](https://sched.co/Sufi), [Linaro](https://sched.co/Sud6), Arm and [Gumstix](https://sched.co/Sucu)).

#### Private Open Source Seminar

After the keynotes and a few sessions, everyone is invited to attend a private seminar put on by experienced/seasoned open source engineers from all around the world. This fire side chat style seminar will include valuable information on the benefits of Open Source collaboration and development as an extracurricular activity. Sub-Topics will include the open source contribution process, exploration of current open source projects and their contribution cycles, and open source and version control as a resume tool.

#### Keynotes, Sessions, and more...

**Keynotes, sessions, free lunch, and a hackathon?!** Yes, you got that right. After the seminar, we will take a short break for lunch. Everyone in attendance will then be invited to check out a 96Boards hardware kit for a "take home" 36 hour hackathon. Turn in for this hackathon will be on Friday at 9:00a local. The winner(s) of this hackathon will get to showcase their project in front of hundreds of engineers and executives from over 30 tech companies from around the world.

#### Make sure you Register!

Registration starts now and will remain open until September 23th. To register, please populate the form found on this page (at the bottom). If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach out to the following individuals for assistance. We also STRONGLY RECOMMEND joining the 96Boards Discord Server.

- Robert (Linaro / 96Boards): robert.wolff@linaro.org
- David (UCSD): d1ding@ucsd.edu
- 96Boards Discord: [https://discord.gg/x5uMn5d](https://discord.gg/x5uMn5d)

***

## Schedule / Timeline for UCSD Attendees

Attendees will be given a list of sessions and Keynotes they are allowed to attend upon arrival. 

### Wednesday, September 25th

- **8:30a - 9:15a**: Arrival and Check in with Linaro Connect Registration Desk at [Paridise Point Resort](https://paradisepoint.com/resort/)
- **9:15a - 9:45a**: Meet and greet / Coffee time
- **9:45a - 10:00a**: [Daily Notices](https://sched.co/UFLA)
- **10:00a - 10:30a**: [Riken Keynote, A64fx and Fugaku - A Game Changing, HPC / AI Optimized Arm CPU to enable Exascale Performance](https://sched.co/Sufi)
- **10:30a - 11:00a**: [Qualcomm Keynote, The Upstream Bubble](https://sched.co/SwpZ)
- **11:00a - 11:25a**: [Session, The Transformation of Electronic Product Design](https://sched.co/Sucu)
- **11:30a - 12:00p**: Private Seminar / Fire Side Chat on Open Source development and collaboration
- **12:00p - 12:25p**: [Session, Robotic Arm Control with the Qualcomm RB3](https://sched.co/Sud6)
- **12:30p - 1:30p**: LUNCH
- **1:30p - 2:00p**: Hackathon Sign Up and Hardware Pickup

### Friday, September 27th

- **8:00a - 10:00a**: Turn in projects between this time range to be judged
- **11:00a - 12:00p**: Winner(s) set up projects in demo hall
- **12:00p - 2:00p**: Demo Showcase and Closing Ceremony

***

## Hackathon Hardware

- [DragonBoard 410c](https://www.96boards.org/product/dragonboard410c/)
- [Shiratech FPGA Mezzanine](https://www.96boards.org/product/shiratech-fpga/)
- First Prize: 96Boards hardware and a chance to showcase winning project in front of hundreds of engineers and executive leadership from companies around around the world during the Linaro Connect SAN19 Demo Friday event and closing ceremonies.

***

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="openhours-panel" markdown="1" id="openhours-panel">

<iframe width="350" height="180" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2265092" frameborder="0"></iframe>

- **WHEN?:** September 25th from 8:30a to 2:00p ([Add to Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=M2VwOTVhMm9mcjhsYXJ0dmZyM3FqaWlxNzAgcm9iZXJ0LndvbGZmQGxpbmFyby5vcmc&tmsrc=robert.wolff%40linaro.org))
- **WHERE?:** [Paridise Point Resort](https://paradisepoint.com/resort/) ([View on Map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Paradise+Point+Resort+%26+Spa/@32.7751735,-117.2409917,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x80deaa7406679e99:0x3938534cc22f65e!8m2!3d32.775169!4d-117.238803))
- **HOW?:** Attendees are in charge of their own transportation to and from the event.

<iframe src="https://forms.gle/bM7GABY2Gp4VF31t7" width="640" height="1200" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

***

## OpenHours Playlist

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
</div>

Commit message:

Added a bring your resume section
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

_go/san19/README.md, after:

---
title: SAN19 Linaro Connect - Community Day
description: |-
    Linaro Connect (Linaro and 96Boards) will host UCSD students from the Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering and Computer Science programs for a day packed full professions sessions, keynotes, a private seminar, lunch and a hackathon!
permalink: /go/san19-community/
layout: jumbotron-container
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
date: 2019-08-29 01:00:00+00:00
image: /assets/images/content/autonomous-robot-challenge.png
---

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

#### You're Invited!

Linaro and 96Boards are happy to invite UCSD Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, and Computer Science students to a day at [Linaro Connect](https://connect.linaro.org/), this year in San Diego!

#### Welcome to SAN19

You and your fellow classmates will be welcomed at the [Paridise Point Resort](https://paradisepoint.com/resort/) with coffee and open arms as you prepare to enjoy a day full of professional sessions, breakouts, and Keynotes lead by some of the tech industries greatest minds (including engineers and executives from [Qualcomm](https://sched.co/SwpZ), [Riken](https://sched.co/Sufi), [Linaro](https://sched.co/Sud6), Arm and [Gumstix](https://sched.co/Sucu)).

#### Private Open Source Seminar

After the keynotes and a few sessions, everyone is invited to attend a private seminar put on by experienced/seasoned open source engineers from all around the world. This fire side chat style seminar will include valuable information on the benefits of Open Source collaboration and development as an extracurricular activity. Sub-Topics will include the open source contribution process, exploration of current open source projects and their contribution cycles, and open source and version control as a resume tool.

#### Bring your resume! (optional)

While this is NOT a recruiting event, several of our partners have expressed interest in accepting resumes on site. Please feel free to bring your resumes with you, and you should be prepared to talk about some of the stuff you are working on at UCSD (within your respected major). Keep in mind, you are in very welcoming company! Feel free to ask questions and absorb as much as possible from the industry professionals you are surrounded by. 

#### Keynotes, Sessions, and more...

**Keynotes, sessions, free lunch, and a hackathon?!** Yes, you got that right. After the seminar, we will take a short break for lunch. Everyone in attendance will then be invited to check out a 96Boards hardware kit for a "take home" 36 hour hackathon. Turn in for this hackathon will be on Friday at 9:00a local. The winner(s) of this hackathon will get to showcase their project in front of hundreds of engineers and executives from over 30 tech companies from around the world.

#### Make sure you Register!

Registration starts now and will remain open until September 23th. To register, please populate the form found on this page (at the bottom). If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach out to the following individuals for assistance. We also STRONGLY RECOMMEND joining the 96Boards Discord Server.

- Robert (Linaro / 96Boards): robert.wolff@linaro.org
- David (UCSD): d1ding@ucsd.edu
- 96Boards Discord: [https://discord.gg/x5uMn5d](https://discord.gg/x5uMn5d)

***

## Schedule / Timeline for UCSD Attendees

Attendees will be given a list of sessions and Keynotes they are allowed to attend upon arrival. 

### Wednesday, September 25th

- **8:30a - 9:15a**: Arrival and Check in with Linaro Connect Registration Desk at [Paridise Point Resort](https://paradisepoint.com/resort/)
- **9:15a - 9:45a**: Meet and greet / Coffee time
- **9:45a - 10:00a**: [Daily Notices](https://sched.co/UFLA)
- **10:00a - 10:30a**: [Riken Keynote, A64fx and Fugaku - A Game Changing, HPC / AI Optimized Arm CPU to enable Exascale Performance](https://sched.co/Sufi)
- **10:30a - 11:00a**: [Qualcomm Keynote, The Upstream Bubble](https://sched.co/SwpZ)
- **11:00a - 11:55p**: Private Seminar / Fire Side Chat on Open Source development and collaboration
- **12:00p - 12:25p**: [Session, Robotic Arm Control with the Qualcomm RB3](https://sched.co/Sud6)
- **12:30p - 1:30p**: LUNCH
- **1:30p - 2:00p**: Hackathon Sign Up and Hardware Pickup

### Friday, September 27th

- **8:00a - 10:00a**: Turn in projects between this time range to be judged
- **11:00a - 12:00p**: Winner(s) set up projects in demo hall
- **12:00p - 2:00p**: Demo Showcase and Closing Ceremony

***

## Hackathon Hardware

- [DragonBoard 410c](https://www.96boards.org/product/dragonboard410c/)
- [Shiratech FPGA Mezzanine](https://www.96boards.org/product/shiratech-fpga/)
- First Prize: 96Boards hardware and a chance to showcase winning project in front of hundreds of engineers and executive leadership from companies around around the world during the Linaro Connect SAN19 Demo Friday event and closing ceremonies.

***

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="openhours-panel" markdown="1" id="openhours-panel">

<iframe width="350" height="180" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2265092" frameborder="0"></iframe>

- **WHEN?:** September 25th from 8:30a to 2:00p ([Add to Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=M2VwOTVhMm9mcjhsYXJ0dmZyM3FqaWlxNzAgcm9iZXJ0LndvbGZmQGxpbmFyby5vcmc&tmsrc=robert.wolff%40linaro.org))
- **WHERE?:** [Paridise Point Resort](https://paradisepoint.com/resort/) ([View on Map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Paradise+Point+Resort+%26+Spa/@32.7751735,-117.2409917,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x80deaa7406679e99:0x3938534cc22f65e!8m2!3d32.775169!4d-117.238803))
- **HOW?:** Attendees are in charge of their own transportation to and from the event.

<iframe src="https://forms.gle/bM7GABY2Gp4VF31t7" width="550" height="1200" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

***

## OpenHours Playlist

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
</div>
