_product/ce/hikey970/ai.md, before:

---
title: HiKey970
layout: ai-product
permalink: /product/hikey970/ai/
shortname: hikey970
description: |-
    HiKey970 is the first 96Boards from the HiKey family to join the 96Boards.ai initiative. The HiKey970 features the HiSilicon Kirin 970 SoC with HiAI Architecture and a dedicated NPU. Stacked with LPDDR4X 1866MHz memory, 64GB UFS 2.1 storage, Bluetooth, WIFI, GPS among many other features, this board is made for developers looking maximize accelerated AI capabilities not found in most other development platforms!
keywords: |-
    hikey 970, hikey970, aosp, aosp developement board, boards, linux, ai, artificial intelligence
product_short_desc: "Provide short product description."
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: HiKey970
      tab_link: /product/hikey970/
    - tab_title: AI
      active: true
      tab_link: /product/hikey970/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/hikey970/
      tab_align_right: true
header-image: hikey970-front-sd-min.png
footer-image: hikey970-back-sd-min.png
product_specification: ce
verticals:
    - title: Machine Learning
      description: >-
          Provide Verticle Description
    - title: Automotive
      description: >-
          Provide Verticle Description
    - title: Industrial IoT
      description: >-
          Provide Verticle Description
call-to-action: Platform to build for Machine Learning / Automotive / Industrial IoT
secondary-verticals:
    - title: Software
      list:
        - title: Getting Started Guide
          url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/hikey/hikey970/getting-started/
        - title: Documentation
          url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/hikey/hikey970/
    - title: Hardware
      list:
        - title: Computing
        - title: Controller
        - title: Accelerators
        - title: Sensors
    - title: Stacks
      list:
        - title: Tensorflow
          url: https://www.tensorflow.org/
        - title: OpenCV
          url: https://opencv.org/
        - title: Caffe
          url: http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/
demos: ""
documentation:
    - title: Hardware user guide
      url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/hikey/hikey970/hardware-docs/files/hikey970-user-manual.pdf
    - title: Board schematics
      url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/hikey/hikey970/hardware-docs/files/hikey970-schematics.pdf
whats-in-the-box:
    - HiKey970 board
buy-now: 
    title: Buy Now
    url: https://www.96boards.org/product/hikey970/
---
Content goes here

Commit message:

Adding Content to HiKey970 Verticals
Adding (and updating) the the HiKey970 ai verticals (Deep Learning, Smart Cities, and Robotics) This content is from https://www.96boards.ai/products/hikey970/ with small corrections.

_product/ce/hikey970/ai.md, after:

---
title: HiKey970
layout: ai-product
permalink: /product/hikey970/ai/
shortname: hikey970
description: |-
    HiKey970 is the first 96Boards from the HiKey family to join the 96Boards.ai initiative. The HiKey970 features the HiSilicon Kirin 970 SoC with HiAI Architecture and a dedicated NPU. Stacked with LPDDR4X 1866MHz memory, 64GB UFS 2.1 storage, Bluetooth, WIFI, GPS among many other features, this board is made for developers looking maximize accelerated AI capabilities not found in most other development platforms!
keywords: |-
    hikey 970, hikey970, aosp, aosp developement board, boards, linux, ai, artificial intelligence
product_short_desc: "Provide short product description."
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: HiKey970
      tab_link: /product/hikey970/
    - tab_title: AI
      active: true
      tab_link: /product/hikey970/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/hikey970/
      tab_align_right: true
header-image: hikey970-front-sd-min.png
footer-image: hikey970-back-sd-min.png
product_specification: ce
verticals:
    - title: Deep Learning
      description: >-
          HiKey970 is one of the world‘s first edge AI developing platform with a dedicated Neural-network Processing Unit (NPU). HiKey970 provides frequently used artificial intelligence function APIs，model management APIs and basic operator computing APIs, so developers can focus on developing new AI applications instead of focusing on performance tuning.
    - title: Smart Cities
      description: >-
          With HiKey970’s dedicated AI processor and rich set of imaging and I/Os, HiKey970 enables developers to build highly integrated flexible products for AI-based intelligent cameras in smart cities. With powerful NPU and HiAI SDK on HiKey970 makes it easy for developers to transform video into valuable insighs.
    - title: Robotics
      description: >-
          With HiKey970’s excellent AI capabilities and ROS, HiKey970 enables developers to build a robot which is capable of perception, planning, decision autonomously. The robots can even fight with each other automatically by deep reinforcement learning based decision making. The powerful NPU on HiKey970 allows a robot to demonstrate a certain level of intelligence.
call-to-action: Platform to build for Deep Learning / Smart Cities / Robotics
secondary-verticals:
    - title: Software
      list:
        - title: Getting Started Guide
          url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/hikey/hikey970/getting-started/
        - title: Documentation
          url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/hikey/hikey970/
    - title: Hardware
      list:
        - title: Computing
        - title: Controller
        - title: Accelerators
        - title: Sensors
    - title: Stacks
      list:
        - title: Tensorflow
          url: https://www.tensorflow.org/
        - title: OpenCV
          url: https://opencv.org/
        - title: Caffe
          url: http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/
demos: ""
documentation:
    - title: Hardware user guide
      url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/hikey/hikey970/hardware-docs/files/hikey970-user-manual.pdf
    - title: Board schematics
      url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/hikey/hikey970/hardware-docs/files/hikey970-schematics.pdf
whats-in-the-box:
    - HiKey970 board
buy-now: 
    title: Buy Now
    url: https://www.96boards.org/product/hikey970/
---
Content goes here
