_product/ce/hikey970/README.md, before:

---
title: HiKey970
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/hikey970/
shortname: hikey970
description: |-
    HiKey970 is the first 96Boards from the HiKey family to join the 96Boards.ai initiative. The HiKey970 features the HiSilicon Kirin 970 SoC with HiAI Architecture and a dedicated NPU. Stacked with LPDDR4X 1866MHz memory, 64GB UFS 2.1 storage, Bluetooth, WIFI, GPS among many other features, this board is made for developers looking maximize accelerated AI capabilities not found in most other development platforms!
keywords: hikey 970, hikey970, aosp, aosp developement board, boards, linux, ai, artificial intelligence
display_product: true
product_media_highlights: true
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: HiKey970
      tab_link: /product/hikey970/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/hikey970/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/hikey970
      tab_align_right: true
featured_product_order: 1
is_featured: true
product_specification: ce
product_short_desc: "Board based on the HiSilicon Kirin 970"
product_long_desc: |-
    HiKey970 is the first 96Boards from the HiKey family to join the 96Boards.ai initiative. The HiKey970 features the HiSilicon Kirin 970 SoC with HiAI Architecture and a dedicated NPU. Stacked with LPDDR4X 1866MHz memory, 64GB UFS 2.1 storage, Bluetooth, WIFI, GPS among many other features, this board is made for developers looking maximize accelerated AI capabilities not found in most other development platforms!
product_images:
  - hikey970-front-sd-min.png
  - hikey970-back-sd-min.png
product_mezzanine:
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine/
  - title: Audio Mezzanine
    link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Case with Fan
    link: http://smartfire.cn/thread-843-1-1.html
product_os:
  - title: Coming soon...
product_third_party_images:
  - title: AOSP
    link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/downloads/aosp.md.html
  - title: Lubuntu (LeMaker Ubuntu)
    link: http://www.lemaker.org/product-hikey970-download-84.html
  - title: Lebian (LeMaker Debian)
    link: http://www.lemaker.org/product-hikey970-download-85.html
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: "Amazon"
    link-price: "$299.00"
    link-url: "https://amzn.to/2vJM8mO"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: amazon.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "Lenovator"
    link-price: "$299.00"
    link-url: "http://www.lenovator.com/product/135.html"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: lenovator.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "SeeedStudio"
    link-price: "$299.00"
    link-url: "https://www.seeedstudio.com/s/HiKey-970-Development-Board-p-3046.html?utm_source=homepage&utm_medium=homepagebanner&utm_campaign=hp_0426"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: seeedstudio.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "HiHope"
    link-price: "$299.00"
    link-url: "http://hihope.org/product/HiKey970"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: HiHope.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "Amazon Kit"
    link-price: "$340.00"
    link-url: "https://www.amazon.com/SmartFly-info-HiKey-Single-Computer/dp/B07FNLSK2X"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: Amazon.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "Amazon Kit (UK)"
    link-price: "£339.00"
    link-url: "https://www.amazon.co.uk/SmartFly-info-HiKey-Single-Computer/dp/B07FNLSK2X"
    link-price-currency: GBP
    from: Amazon.co.uk
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "FabToLab (India)"
    link-price: "£34,885"
    link-url: "https://www.fabtolab.com/boards/96boards/hikey-970"
    link-price-currency: INR
    from: fabtolab.com
    type: board
product_support_link: "https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/hikey970/"
product: true
archived: false
---
HiKey970 is the first 96Boards from the HiKey family to join the 96Boards.ai initiative. The HiKey970 features the HiSilicon Kirin 970 SoC with HiAI Architecture and a dedicated NPU. Stacked with LPDDR4X 1866MHz memory, 64GB UFS 2.1 storage, Bluetooth, WIFI, GPS among many other features, this board is made for developers, looking maximize accelerated AI capabilities not found in most other development platforms!

## Buy Now

- [Amazon](https://amzn.to/2vJM8mO)
- [Lenovator](http://www.lenovator.com/product/135.html)
- [SeeedStudio](https://www.seeedstudio.com/s/HiKey-970-Development-Board-p-3046.html?utm_source=homepage&utm_medium=homepagebanner&utm_campaign=hp_0426)
- [HiHope](http://hihope.org/product/HiKey970)
- [Amazon Kit](https://www.amazon.com/SmartFly-info-HiKey-Single-Computer/dp/B07FNLSK2X)
- [Amazon Kit (UK)](https://www.amazon.co.uk/SmartFly-info-HiKey-Single-Computer/dp/B07FNLSK2X)

***

## Additional Information

|   Component          |   Description                                                                                    |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| SoC:                 | HiSilicon Kirin 970 - HiAI Architecture, Dedicated NPU                                           |
| CPU:                 | ARM Cortex-A73 MPCore*4 @up to2.36GHz, ARM Cortex-A53 MPCore*4 @up to1.8GHz                      |
| GPU:                 | ARM Mali-G72 MP12 GPU                                                                            |
| RAM:                 | 6GB LPDDR4X 1866MHz                                                                              |
| Storage:             | 64GB UFS 2.1, Micro SD                                                                           |
| Connectivity:        | Bluetooth/WIFI/GPS                                                                               |
| Video:               | 1080p@60Hz HDMI, 4 line MIPI/LCD port                                                            |
| Camera:              | 4 line MIPI port, 2 line MIPI port                                                               |
| Expansion Interface: | One 40-pin Low Speed (LS) expansion connector<br>UART, SPI, I2S, I2C x2, GPIO x12, DC power<br>One 60-pin High Speed (HS) expansion connector<br>4L-MIPI DSI, USB, I2C x2, 2L+4L-MIPI CSI                                        |
| User Interface:      | Power/Reset<br>8 LED indicators<br>4 -user controllable<br>3 -for radios (BT and WLAN and GPS activity)<br>1 – for CAN                                                                                                              |
| Power Source:        | DC Power: +8V to +18V                                                                            |
| OS Support:          | Android<br>Linux                                                                                 |
| Mechanical:          | 105.26mm by 100mm meeting 96Boards Consumer Edition standard dimensions specifications.          |
| Environmental:       | Operating Temp: 0°C to +70°C RoHS and Reach compliant                                            |

Commit message:

Added the ai_board: true value to the frontmatter of boards that will show on the 96boards.ai site

_product/ce/hikey970/README.md, after:

---
title: HiKey970
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/hikey970/
shortname: hikey970
#Set this to true and the board will be visible on 96boards.ai
ai_board: true
description: |-
    HiKey970 is the first 96Boards from the HiKey family to join the 96Boards.ai initiative. The HiKey970 features the HiSilicon Kirin 970 SoC with HiAI Architecture and a dedicated NPU. Stacked with LPDDR4X 1866MHz memory, 64GB UFS 2.1 storage, Bluetooth, WIFI, GPS among many other features, this board is made for developers looking maximize accelerated AI capabilities not found in most other development platforms!
keywords: hikey 970, hikey970, aosp, aosp developement board, boards, linux, ai, artificial intelligence
display_product: true
product_media_highlights: true
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: HiKey970
      tab_link: /product/hikey970/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/hikey970/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/hikey970
      tab_align_right: true
featured_product_order: 1
is_featured: true
product_specification: ce
product_short_desc: "Board based on the HiSilicon Kirin 970"
product_long_desc: |-
    HiKey970 is the first 96Boards from the HiKey family to join the 96Boards.ai initiative. The HiKey970 features the HiSilicon Kirin 970 SoC with HiAI Architecture and a dedicated NPU. Stacked with LPDDR4X 1866MHz memory, 64GB UFS 2.1 storage, Bluetooth, WIFI, GPS among many other features, this board is made for developers looking maximize accelerated AI capabilities not found in most other development platforms!
product_images:
  - hikey970-front-sd-min.png
  - hikey970-back-sd-min.png
product_mezzanine:
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine/
  - title: Audio Mezzanine
    link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Case with Fan
    link: http://smartfire.cn/thread-843-1-1.html
product_os:
  - title: Coming soon...
product_third_party_images:
  - title: AOSP
    link: /documentation/consumer/hikey970/downloads/aosp.md.html
  - title: Lubuntu (LeMaker Ubuntu)
    link: http://www.lemaker.org/product-hikey970-download-84.html
  - title: Lebian (LeMaker Debian)
    link: http://www.lemaker.org/product-hikey970-download-85.html
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: "Amazon"
    link-price: "$299.00"
    link-url: "https://amzn.to/2vJM8mO"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: amazon.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "Lenovator"
    link-price: "$299.00"
    link-url: "http://www.lenovator.com/product/135.html"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: lenovator.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "SeeedStudio"
    link-price: "$299.00"
    link-url: "https://www.seeedstudio.com/s/HiKey-970-Development-Board-p-3046.html?utm_source=homepage&utm_medium=homepagebanner&utm_campaign=hp_0426"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: seeedstudio.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "HiHope"
    link-price: "$299.00"
    link-url: "http://hihope.org/product/HiKey970"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: HiHope.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "Amazon Kit"
    link-price: "$340.00"
    link-url: "https://www.amazon.com/SmartFly-info-HiKey-Single-Computer/dp/B07FNLSK2X"
    link-price-currency: USD
    from: Amazon.com
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "Amazon Kit (UK)"
    link-price: "£339.00"
    link-url: "https://www.amazon.co.uk/SmartFly-info-HiKey-Single-Computer/dp/B07FNLSK2X"
    link-price-currency: GBP
    from: Amazon.co.uk
    type: board
  -
    link-title: "FabToLab (India)"
    link-price: "£34,885"
    link-url: "https://www.fabtolab.com/boards/96boards/hikey-970"
    link-price-currency: INR
    from: fabtolab.com
    type: board
product_support_link: "https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/hikey970/"
product: true
archived: false
---
HiKey970 is the first 96Boards from the HiKey family to join the 96Boards.ai initiative. The HiKey970 features the HiSilicon Kirin 970 SoC with HiAI Architecture and a dedicated NPU. Stacked with LPDDR4X 1866MHz memory, 64GB UFS 2.1 storage, Bluetooth, WIFI, GPS among many other features, this board is made for developers, looking maximize accelerated AI capabilities not found in most other development platforms!

## Buy Now

- [Amazon](https://amzn.to/2vJM8mO)
- [Lenovator](http://www.lenovator.com/product/135.html)
- [SeeedStudio](https://www.seeedstudio.com/s/HiKey-970-Development-Board-p-3046.html?utm_source=homepage&utm_medium=homepagebanner&utm_campaign=hp_0426)
- [HiHope](http://hihope.org/product/HiKey970)
- [Amazon Kit](https://www.amazon.com/SmartFly-info-HiKey-Single-Computer/dp/B07FNLSK2X)
- [Amazon Kit (UK)](https://www.amazon.co.uk/SmartFly-info-HiKey-Single-Computer/dp/B07FNLSK2X)

***

## Additional Information

|   Component          |   Description                                                                                    |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| SoC:                 | HiSilicon Kirin 970 - HiAI Architecture, Dedicated NPU                                           |
| CPU:                 | ARM Cortex-A73 MPCore*4 @up to2.36GHz, ARM Cortex-A53 MPCore*4 @up to1.8GHz                      |
| GPU:                 | ARM Mali-G72 MP12 GPU                                                                            |
| RAM:                 | 6GB LPDDR4X 1866MHz                                                                              |
| Storage:             | 64GB UFS 2.1, Micro SD                                                                           |
| Connectivity:        | Bluetooth/WIFI/GPS                                                                               |
| Video:               | 1080p@60Hz HDMI, 4 line MIPI/LCD port                                                            |
| Camera:              | 4 line MIPI port, 2 line MIPI port                                                               |
| Expansion Interface: | One 40-pin Low Speed (LS) expansion connector<br>UART, SPI, I2S, I2C x2, GPIO x12, DC power<br>One 60-pin High Speed (HS) expansion connector<br>4L-MIPI DSI, USB, I2C x2, 2L+4L-MIPI CSI                                        |
| User Interface:      | Power/Reset<br>8 LED indicators<br>4 -user controllable<br>3 -for radios (BT and WLAN and GPS activity)<br>1 – for CAN                                                                                                              |
| Power Source:        | DC Power: +8V to +18V                                                                            |
| OS Support:          | Android<br>Linux                                                                                 |
| Mechanical:          | 105.26mm by 100mm meeting 96Boards Consumer Edition standard dimensions specifications.          |
| Environmental:       | Operating Temp: 0°C to +70°C RoHS and Reach compliant                                            |
