96boards.org/Products/Mezzanine/MIPIAdapter/README.md, before:

# Title



## Buy Now



***

## Additional Information

|   Component                                       |   Description                                                                                    |
|:--------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |        


***

Commit message:

Added description and links for MIPI Adapter
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

96boards.org/Products/Mezzanine/MIPIAdapter/README.md, after:

# MIPI Adapter Mezzanine - AiStarVision

This MIPI adapter board is primarily designed for Dragonboard 410c, though it is hardware compatible with other Consumer Edition 96Boards. With this adapter, you can easily  integrate image sensors into your camera projects. This mezzanine is ideal for
surveillance, video conference and even robots projects. It provides multiple interfaces, and gives you a wide range of choices for selecting different camera boards/modules.

## Buy Now

- [eBay - 96Boards MIPI Adapter (Board only)](http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-/252900099832?hash=item3ae20546f8:g:w1MAAOSw03lY5Aaf)
- [eBay - 96Boards MIPI Adapter with OV5645](http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-with-OV5645-auto-focus-module-/252956476095?hash=item3ae56182bf:g:8z4AAOSwA29Y30WD)
- [eBay - 96Boards MIPI Adapter with Dual OV5640](http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-with-Dual-OV5640-/252928072406?hash=item3ae3b01ad6:g:O7kAAOSwTM5Y4frc)
- [eBay - OV5640 Camera Module only](http://www.ebay.com/itm/OV5645-auto-focus-module/252956491650)

***

## Additional Information

- Full 4 lane support for CSI0
- Camera interface for OV5645/OV5640 auto focus module and OV7251 module
- Camera interface for Raspberry PI cameras
- Camera interface for IPEX connector based cameras
- UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs

***
