_product/ce/rock960/ai.md, before:

---
title: Rock960
layout: ai-product
permalink: /product/rock960/ai/
shortname: rock960
description: |-
    The Rock960 is based on the RK3399 SoC which is a Dual Cortex-A72 + quad Cortex-A53 CPU, with up to 2.0GHz frequency. This board comes packed with 4GB of RAM, 32GB of on board eMMC storage, USB 3.1 type C with DP, HDMI 2.0 with 4K output, 4 lane M.2 PCI-E 2.1, and so much more! All of this on the 96Boards Consumer Edition Standard form factor, a truely little beast.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, rockchip, rk3399, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform, arm
product_short_desc: "The Rock960 is a development board based on the RK3399 SoC"
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Rock960
      tab_link: /product/rock960/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/rock960/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/rock960/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/rock960/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/rock960/
      tab_align_right: true
header-image: rock960-front-sd.png
footer-image: rock960-back-sd.png
product_specification: ce
verticals:
    - title: Machine Learning
      description: >-
          Give a description of how it applies to the verticle.
    - title: Automotive
      description: >-
          Give a description of how it applies to the verticle.
    - title: Industrial IoT
      description: >-
          Give a description of how it applies to the verticle.
call-to-action: Platform to build for Machine Learning / Automotive / Industrial IoT
secondary-verticals:
    - title: Software
      list:
        - title: Documentation
          url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/rock/rock960/
    - title: Hardware
      list:
        - title: Computing
        - title: Controller
        - title: Accelerators
        - title: Sensors
    - title: Stacks
      list:
        - title: Tensorflow
          url: https://www.tensorflow.org/
        - title: OpenCV
          url: https://opencv.org/
        - title: Caffe
          url: http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/
demos: ""
documentation:
    - title: Hardware user guide
      url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/rock/rock960/hardware-docs/hardware-user-manual.md.html
    - title: Board schematics Download
      url: https://dl.vamrs.com/products/rock960/docs/hw/rock960_sch_v1.1.pdf
whats-in-the-box:
    - Rock960 board
    - 12V/2A power adapter
    - Transparent acrylic case
    - Screws(M3)
    - Heatsink(22mm x 22mm)
    - Heatsink Plaster
buy-now: 
    title: Buy Now
    url: https://www.96boards.org/product/rock960/
---
Content goes here

Commit message:

Updating Rock960 ai.md.
Adding content: filling out new verticals, and adding Open AID whitepaper to documentation

_product/ce/rock960/ai.md, after:

---
title: Rock960
layout: ai-product
permalink: /product/rock960/ai/
shortname: rock960
description: |-
    The Rock960 is based on the RK3399 SoC which is a Dual Cortex-A72 + quad Cortex-A53 CPU, with up to 2.0GHz frequency. This board comes packed with 4GB of RAM, 32GB of on board eMMC storage, USB 3.1 type C with DP, HDMI 2.0 with 4K output, 4 lane M.2 PCI-E 2.1, and so much more! All of this on the 96Boards Consumer Edition Standard form factor, a truely little beast.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, rockchip, rk3399, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform, arm
product_short_desc: "The Rock960 is a development board based on the RK3399 SoC"
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Rock960
      tab_link: /product/rock960/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/rock960/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/rock960/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/rock960/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/rock960/
      tab_align_right: true
header-image: rock960-front-sd.png
footer-image: rock960-back-sd.png
product_specification: ce
verticals:
    - title: Open AID Lab
      description: >-
          Rockchip collaborated with Open AI Lab to port Open AID onto the ROCK960 allowing for easier development of Vision and Speech recognition on the Edge. Open AID brings Domain Libraries for Vision and Speech inferences along with a unified API for developers, Tengine with improved DL frameworks on Caffe, MXNet and TensorFlow for inference, and Heterogeneous Computing Library (HCL) for optimized Arm CPU and Mali GPU utilization.
    - title: Consumer Electronics
      description: >-
          With the Domain Library provided by Open AID, comes several applications provided including face detection/recognition, gesture recognition, tracking and speech recognition. These libraries in conjunction with the Rock960's Rockchip RK3399Pro and NPU, make the Rock960 an ideal platform for consumers looking to develop machine learning applications on the edge.
    - title: Automotive
      description: >-
          With the Rock960's Rockchip RK3399Pro and NPU, and the Domain Library which provides applications for Vision Detection, the Rock960 is an excellent platform for developing cutting edge Machine Learning applications which are integral to the Autonomous Vehicle industry.
call-to-action: Platform to build for Machine Learning / Automotive / Industrial IoT
secondary-verticals:
    - title: Software
      list:
        - title: Documentation
          url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/rock/rock960/
    - title: Hardware
      list:
        - title: Computing
        - title: Controller
        - title: Accelerators
        - title: Sensors
    - title: Stacks
      list:
        - title: Tensorflow
          url: https://www.tensorflow.org/
        - title: OpenCV
          url: https://opencv.org/
        - title: Caffe
          url: http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/
demos: ""
documentation:
    -title: Open AID Whitepaper
      url: https://dl.vamrs.com/products/rock960/docs/sw/Open_AID-whitepaper.pdf
    - title: Hardware user guide
      url: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/rock/rock960/hardware-docs/hardware-user-manual.md.html
    - title: Board schematics Download
      url: https://dl.vamrs.com/products/rock960/docs/hw/rock960_sch_v1.1.pdf
whats-in-the-box:
    - Rock960 board
    - 12V/2A power adapter
    - Transparent acrylic case
    - Screws(M3)
    - Heatsink(22mm x 22mm)
    - Heatsink Plaster
buy-now: 
    title: Buy Now
    url: https://www.96boards.org/product/rock960/
---
Content goes here
