_product/ce/rock960/README.md, before:

---
title: Rock960 (Vamrs)
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/rock960/
shortname: rock960
#Set this to true and the board will be visible on 96boards.ai
ai_board: true
description: |-
    The Rock960 is based on the RK3399 SoC which is a Dual Cortex-A72 + quad Cortex-A53 CPU, with up to 2.0GHz frequency. This board comes packed with 4GB of RAM, 32GB of on board eMMC storage, USB 3.1 type C with DP, HDMI 2.0 with 4K output, 4 lane M.2 PCI-E 2.1, and so much more! All of this on the 96Boards Consumer Edition Standard form factor, a truely little beast.
keywords: processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, rockchip, rk3399, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform, arm
product_short_desc: "The Rock960 is a development board based on the RK3399 SoC"
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
display_product: true
is_featured: true
product_images:
  - rock960-front-sd.png
  - rock960-back-sd.png
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Rock960 (Vamrs)
      tab_link: /product/rock960/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/rock960/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/rock960/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/rock960/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/rock960/
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Rock960 (SeeedStudio)
    link-url: "https://www.seeedstudio.com/ROCK960-Board-RK3399-solution-2G-Version-p-3036.html"
    from: SeeedStudio.com
    type: board
    link-price: "$99.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: Rock960 (Vamrs)
    link-url: "https://store.vamrs.com/products/rock960"
    from: Vamrs.com
    type: board
    link-price: "$99.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: Rock960 (FabToLab)
    link-url: "https://www.fabtolab.com/boards/96boards/rock-960-board-rk3399"
    from: fabtolab.com
    type: board
    link-price: "₹12,285"
    link-price-currency: INR
product_more_info:
    - title: 96Rocks
      link: https://www.96rocks.com/
product_os:
  - title: AOSP
    link: /documentation/consumer/rock/downloads/android.md.html
  - title: Debian
    link: /documentation/consumer/rock/downloads/debian.md.html
  - title: Ubuntu
    link: /documentation/consumer/rock/downloads/ubuntu.md.html
product_middleware:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product_third_party_images:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/
product_mezzanine:
  - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
    link: /product/d3camera/
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
  - title: Audio Mezzanine
    link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
product_kits:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product: true
archived: false
---
The Rock960 is based on the RK3399 SoC which is a Dual Cortex-A72 + quad Cortex-A53 CPU, with up to 2.0GHz frequency. This board comes packed with 4GB of RAM, 32GB of on board eMMC storage, USB 3.1 type C with DP, HDMI 2.0 with 4K output, 4 lane M.2 PCI-E 2.1, and so much more! All of this on the 96Boards Consumer Edition Standard form factor, a truely little beast.

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

| Component           | Description                              |
| :------------------ | :--------------------------------------- |
| SoC                 | Rockchip RK3399                          |
| CPU                 | ARM Cortex-A72 Dual-core up to 1.8GHz + Cortex A53 Quad-core up to 1.4GHz |
| GPU                 | ARM Mali T860MP4                         |
| RAM                 | 2GB or 4GB LPDDR3 @ 1866MHz              |
| PMU                 | RK805                                    |
| Storage             | 16/32GB eMMC 5.1                         |
| Ethernet Port       | USB 2.0/3.0 expansion                    |
| Wireless            | WLAN 802.11 ac/a/b/g/n, 2xMIMO, 2.4GHz and 5Ghz, Bluetooth 4.2. On board WLAN/BT antennas. |
| USB                 | 1 x USB 3.0 type A and 1 x USB 2.0 type A (host mode only) and 1 x USB 3.0 type C OTG |
| Display             | 1 x HDMI 2.0(Type A - full) up to 4Kx2K@60Hz, 1 x 2L, 1 x 4L - MIPI DSI up to 1080p@60Hz, 1 x DP 1.2(Type C) up to 4Kx2K@60 |
| Video               | Inside decoder: H.264 10bit up to HP level 5.1 - 2160p@60fps (4096x2304), VP9 - 2160p@60fps(4096x2304), H.265/HEVC 10bit - 2160p@60fps(4096x2304),  MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, H.263, VP8, VC-1. |
| Audio               | HDMI output                              |
| Camera              | 1 x 4-lane MIPI CSI                      |
| Expansion Interface | 40 pin low speed expansion connector: +1.8V, +5V, DC power, GND, 2UART, 2I2C, SPI, I2S, 12xGPIO and 60 pin high speed expansion connector: 4L-MIPI DSI, I2C x2, SPI (48M), USB 2.0, 2L+4LMIPI CSI |
| LED                 | 1 x WiFi activity LED（Yellow), 1 x BT activity LED (Blue) and 4 x User LEDs (Green) |
| Button              | Reset button, recovery button            |
| Power Source        | Recommend a 12V@2A adapter with a DC plug which has a 4.75mm outer diameter and 1.7mm center pin with standard center-positive (EIAJ-3 Compliant) |
| OS Support          | AOSP/Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/LibreELEC/Lakka/FlintOS |
| Size                | 85mm x 55mm                              |

{:.hidden_rows}

</div>

Commit message:

Added a shorter 'AI focused' descriptiion under ai_board_desc

_product/ce/rock960/README.md, after:

---
title: Rock960 (Vamrs)
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/rock960/
shortname: rock960
#Set this to true and the board will be visible on 96boards.ai
ai_board: true
ai_board_desc: >
    The Rock960 is based on the RK3399 SoC which is a Dual Cortex-A72 + quad Cortex-A53 CPU, with up to 2.0GHz frequency.
description: |-
    The Rock960 is based on the RK3399 SoC which is a Dual Cortex-A72 + quad Cortex-A53 CPU, with up to 2.0GHz frequency. This board comes packed with 4GB of RAM, 32GB of on board eMMC storage, USB 3.1 type C with DP, HDMI 2.0 with 4K output, 4 lane M.2 PCI-E 2.1, and so much more! All of this on the 96Boards Consumer Edition Standard form factor, a truely little beast.
keywords: processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, rockchip, rk3399, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform, arm
product_short_desc: "The Rock960 is a development board based on the RK3399 SoC"
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
display_product: true
is_featured: true
product_images:
  - rock960-front-sd.png
  - rock960-back-sd.png
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Rock960 (Vamrs)
      tab_link: /product/rock960/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/rock960/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/rock960/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/rock960/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/rock960/
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Rock960 (SeeedStudio)
    link-url: "https://www.seeedstudio.com/ROCK960-Board-RK3399-solution-2G-Version-p-3036.html"
    from: SeeedStudio.com
    type: board
    link-price: "$99.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: Rock960 (Vamrs)
    link-url: "https://store.vamrs.com/products/rock960"
    from: Vamrs.com
    type: board
    link-price: "$99.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: Rock960 (FabToLab)
    link-url: "https://www.fabtolab.com/boards/96boards/rock-960-board-rk3399"
    from: fabtolab.com
    type: board
    link-price: "₹12,285"
    link-price-currency: INR
product_more_info:
    - title: 96Rocks
      link: https://www.96rocks.com/
product_os:
  - title: AOSP
    link: /documentation/consumer/rock/downloads/android.md.html
  - title: Debian
    link: /documentation/consumer/rock/downloads/debian.md.html
  - title: Ubuntu
    link: /documentation/consumer/rock/downloads/ubuntu.md.html
product_middleware:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product_third_party_images:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/
product_mezzanine:
  - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
    link: /product/d3camera/
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
  - title: Audio Mezzanine
    link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
product_kits:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product: true
archived: false
---
The Rock960 is based on the RK3399 SoC which is a Dual Cortex-A72 + quad Cortex-A53 CPU, with up to 2.0GHz frequency. This board comes packed with 4GB of RAM, 32GB of on board eMMC storage, USB 3.1 type C with DP, HDMI 2.0 with 4K output, 4 lane M.2 PCI-E 2.1, and so much more! All of this on the 96Boards Consumer Edition Standard form factor, a truely little beast.

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

| Component           | Description                              |
| :------------------ | :--------------------------------------- |
| SoC                 | Rockchip RK3399                          |
| CPU                 | ARM Cortex-A72 Dual-core up to 1.8GHz + Cortex A53 Quad-core up to 1.4GHz |
| GPU                 | ARM Mali T860MP4                         |
| RAM                 | 2GB or 4GB LPDDR3 @ 1866MHz              |
| PMU                 | RK805                                    |
| Storage             | 16/32GB eMMC 5.1                         |
| Ethernet Port       | USB 2.0/3.0 expansion                    |
| Wireless            | WLAN 802.11 ac/a/b/g/n, 2xMIMO, 2.4GHz and 5Ghz, Bluetooth 4.2. On board WLAN/BT antennas. |
| USB                 | 1 x USB 3.0 type A and 1 x USB 2.0 type A (host mode only) and 1 x USB 3.0 type C OTG |
| Display             | 1 x HDMI 2.0(Type A - full) up to 4Kx2K@60Hz, 1 x 2L, 1 x 4L - MIPI DSI up to 1080p@60Hz, 1 x DP 1.2(Type C) up to 4Kx2K@60 |
| Video               | Inside decoder: H.264 10bit up to HP level 5.1 - 2160p@60fps (4096x2304), VP9 - 2160p@60fps(4096x2304), H.265/HEVC 10bit - 2160p@60fps(4096x2304),  MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, H.263, VP8, VC-1. |
| Audio               | HDMI output                              |
| Camera              | 1 x 4-lane MIPI CSI                      |
| Expansion Interface | 40 pin low speed expansion connector: +1.8V, +5V, DC power, GND, 2UART, 2I2C, SPI, I2S, 12xGPIO and 60 pin high speed expansion connector: 4L-MIPI DSI, I2C x2, SPI (48M), USB 2.0, 2L+4LMIPI CSI |
| LED                 | 1 x WiFi activity LED（Yellow), 1 x BT activity LED (Blue) and 4 x User LEDs (Green) |
| Button              | Reset button, recovery button            |
| Power Source        | Recommend a 12V@2A adapter with a DC plug which has a 4.75mm outer diameter and 1.7mm center pin with standard center-positive (EIAJ-3 Compliant) |
| OS Support          | AOSP/Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/LibreELEC/Lakka/FlintOS |
| Size                | 85mm x 55mm                              |

{:.hidden_rows}

</div>
