_product/mezzanine/shiratech-bosch/README.md, before:

---
title: Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/shiratech-bosch/
shortname: shiratech-bosch
description: |-
    The new Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine adds full sensing capabilities to the 96boards platform, including pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer, magnometer and a hub sensor for design and evaluation purposes.
title: Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine
display_product: true
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine
    tab_link: /product/shiratech-bosch/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/shiratech-bosch-sensors/
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_align_right: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product: true
product_short_desc: "The new Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine adds full sensing capabilities to the 96boards platform, including pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer, magnometer and a hub sensor for design and evaluation purposes."
product_long_desc: |-
    The new Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine adds full sensing capabilities to the 96boards platform, including pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer, magnometer and a hub sensor for design and evaluation purposes. The following Bosch sensors are assembled on the mezzanine: BHI160 – Sensor HUB with integrated IMU, BMM150 – Geomagnetic sensor, BMP388 – Digital pressure sensor, BME680 – Gas, pressure, temperature and humidity sensor, BMA456 – Triaxial acceleration sensor
product_images:
  - shiratech-bosch-front-sd.jpg
  - shiratech-bosch-back-sd.jpg
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Arrow
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/srt-96b-mez-bosch/shiratech"
product_more_info:
  - title: Product Brief
    link: /documentation/mezzanine/shiratech-bosch-sensors/files/shiratech-bosch-sensors-quick-start.pdf
  - title: User Manual
    link: /documentation/mezzanine/shiratech-bosch-sensors/files/shiratech-bosch-sensors-user-manual.pdf
  - title: Shiratech Solutions
    link: http://www.shiratech-solutions.com/products/bosch-sensor/
archived: false
---
The new Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine adds full sensing capabilities to the 96boards platform, including pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer, magnometer and a hub sensor for design and evaluation purposes.

***

## Features

### Main Benefits

- Add high-performance, highly accurate Bosch sensors to your product
- Comes with a wide selection of sensors for any IoT/drone application.
- All sensors are activated from the 1.8v voltage and controlled by spi-0, i2c-0 and 6 gpio lines (gpio a,b,c,d,e,f).

### The Bosch Sensor Mezzanine includes the following sensors

##### BMP388

Digital pressure and temperature sensor based on proven sensing principles. The sensor enables accurate tracking and is specifically suited for drone applications. Connected to the Snapdragon via SPI interface and 1 x GPIO line.

- Packadge: 2.0mm x 2.0mm x 0.75mm
- Supply 1.8v/3.3v
- Operating range -40 to + 85, 300-1250hp

##### BMA456

An16 bit , digital triaxial acceleration sensor with intelligent on-chip motion-triggered interrupt features optimized for wearable applications. Connected to the Snapdragon via SPI interface and 3 x GPIO lines.

- Packadge: 2.0mm x 2.0mm x 0.65mm • Supply 1.8v/3.3v
- Operating range -40 to + 85

##### BME680

A digital 4 in 1 sensor with gas, humidity pressure and temperature measurement based on proven sensing principles. Target devices for this sensor are handsets such as mobile phones, tablets, PCs and GPS devices. Connected to the Snapdragon via SPI interface and 1 x GPIO line.

- Packadge: 2.0mm x 2.0mm x 0.65mm • Supply 1.8v/3.3v
- Operating range -40 to + 85

##### BHI160

A small , low power smart-hub with an integrated three axis gyroscope plus an integrated three axis accelerometer plus a programmable microcontroller. Containing pre installed software and specific algorithms for activity recognition. It is specifically designed to enable always-on motion sensing. ultra low power smart sensor hub incl integrated imu.

- Packadge: 2.0mm x 2.0mm x 0.65mm • Supply 1.8v/3.3v
- Operating range -40 to + 85

##### BMM150

A stand alone geomagnetic sensor for consumer market applications. It allows measrments of the magnetic field in three perpendicular axes, based on bosch’s proprietary flipcore technology, connected to the smart sensor hub BHI160 via I2C interface and 2 GPIO lines. , low power smart-hub with an integrated three axis gyroscope plus an integrated three axis accelerometer plus a programmable microcontroller. Containing.

***

The Bosch Sensor Mezzanine can be extended with additional functionality through the built-in expansion connectors. These allow you to plug-in additional mezzanines as needed. Additional sensors and peripherals, like a USB camera,
can be connected to the 96Boards USB ports to enhance context awareness capabilties. The Bosch Sensor Mezzanine is compatible with the 96Boards consumer edition (CE) products.

Commit message:

Added board attributes from the board-details.yml data file to the front matter for each board

_product/mezzanine/shiratech-bosch/README.md, after:

---
title: Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/shiratech-bosch/
shortname: shiratech-bosch
description: |-
    The new Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine adds full sensing capabilities to the 96boards platform, including pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer, magnometer and a hub sensor for design and evaluation purposes.
title: Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine
display_product: true
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine
    tab_link: /product/shiratech-bosch/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/shiratech-bosch-sensors/
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_align_right: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product: true
product_short_desc: "The new Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine adds full sensing capabilities to the 96boards platform, including pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer, magnometer and a hub sensor for design and evaluation purposes."
product_long_desc: |-
    The new Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine adds full sensing capabilities to the 96boards platform, including pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer, magnometer and a hub sensor for design and evaluation purposes. The following Bosch sensors are assembled on the mezzanine: BHI160 – Sensor HUB with integrated IMU, BMM150 – Geomagnetic sensor, BMP388 – Digital pressure sensor, BME680 – Gas, pressure, temperature and humidity sensor, BMA456 – Triaxial acceleration sensor
product_images:
  - shiratech-bosch-front-sd.jpg
  - shiratech-bosch-back-sd.jpg
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Arrow
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/srt-96b-mez-bosch/shiratech"
product_more_info:
  - title: Product Brief
    link: /documentation/mezzanine/shiratech-bosch-sensors/files/shiratech-bosch-sensors-quick-start.pdf
  - title: User Manual
    link: /documentation/mezzanine/shiratech-bosch-sensors/files/shiratech-bosch-sensors-user-manual.pdf
  - title: Shiratech Solutions
    link: http://www.shiratech-solutions.com/products/bosch-sensor/
archived: false
dateAdded: 2019-02-13 09:00:00+00:00
attributes:
  - name: "Sensors"
    value: >
      The Bosch Sensor Mezzanine includes the following sensors BMP388, BMA456, BME680, BHI160 and BMM150
  - name: "Power"
    value: "Supply 1.8v/3.3v"
  - name: "Other"
    value: >
      Add high-performance, highly accurate Bosch sensors to your product
      Comes with a wide selection of sensors for any IoT/drone application.
      All sensors are activated from the 1.8v voltage and controlled by spi-0, i2c-0 and 6 gpio lines (gpio a,b,c,d,e,f).

---
The new Shiratech Bosch Sensor Mezzanine adds full sensing capabilities to the 96boards platform, including pressure and environmental sensors, accelerometer, magnometer and a hub sensor for design and evaluation purposes.

***

## Features

### Main Benefits

- Add high-performance, highly accurate Bosch sensors to your product
- Comes with a wide selection of sensors for any IoT/drone application.
- All sensors are activated from the 1.8v voltage and controlled by spi-0, i2c-0 and 6 gpio lines (gpio a,b,c,d,e,f).

### The Bosch Sensor Mezzanine includes the following sensors

##### BMP388

Digital pressure and temperature sensor based on proven sensing principles. The sensor enables accurate tracking and is specifically suited for drone applications. Connected to the Snapdragon via SPI interface and 1 x GPIO line.

- Packadge: 2.0mm x 2.0mm x 0.75mm
- Supply 1.8v/3.3v
- Operating range -40 to + 85, 300-1250hp

##### BMA456

An16 bit , digital triaxial acceleration sensor with intelligent on-chip motion-triggered interrupt features optimized for wearable applications. Connected to the Snapdragon via SPI interface and 3 x GPIO lines.

- Packadge: 2.0mm x 2.0mm x 0.65mm • Supply 1.8v/3.3v
- Operating range -40 to + 85

##### BME680

A digital 4 in 1 sensor with gas, humidity pressure and temperature measurement based on proven sensing principles. Target devices for this sensor are handsets such as mobile phones, tablets, PCs and GPS devices. Connected to the Snapdragon via SPI interface and 1 x GPIO line.

- Packadge: 2.0mm x 2.0mm x 0.65mm • Supply 1.8v/3.3v
- Operating range -40 to + 85

##### BHI160

A small , low power smart-hub with an integrated three axis gyroscope plus an integrated three axis accelerometer plus a programmable microcontroller. Containing pre installed software and specific algorithms for activity recognition. It is specifically designed to enable always-on motion sensing. ultra low power smart sensor hub incl integrated imu.

- Packadge: 2.0mm x 2.0mm x 0.65mm • Supply 1.8v/3.3v
- Operating range -40 to + 85

##### BMM150

A stand alone geomagnetic sensor for consumer market applications. It allows measrments of the magnetic field in three perpendicular axes, based on bosch’s proprietary flipcore technology, connected to the smart sensor hub BHI160 via I2C interface and 2 GPIO lines. , low power smart-hub with an integrated three axis gyroscope plus an integrated three axis accelerometer plus a programmable microcontroller. Containing.

***

The Bosch Sensor Mezzanine can be extended with additional functionality through the built-in expansion connectors. These allow you to plug-in additional mezzanines as needed. Additional sensors and peripherals, like a USB camera,
can be connected to the 96Boards USB ports to enhance context awareness capabilties. The Bosch Sensor Mezzanine is compatible with the 96Boards consumer edition (CE) products.
