_product/mezzanine/mipiadapter/README.md, before:

---
title: MIPI Adapter Mezzanine
layout: product
permalink: /product/mipiadapter/
product: true
archived: false
shortname: mipiadapter
dateAdded: 2017-06-26 09:00:00+00:00
description: |-
    This MIPI adapter board is primarily designed for Dragonboard 410c, though it is hardware compatible with other Consumer Edition 96Boards. With this adapter, you can easily integrate image sensors into your camera projects. This mezzanine is ideal for surveillance, video conference and even robots projects. It provides multiple interfaces, and gives you a wide range of choices for selecting different camera boards/modules.
display_product: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: Hardware compatible MIPI mezzanine and GPIO breakout for 96Boards
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: Features
      items:
        - title: "Two CSI2 channels support(CSI0:4lane;CSI1:2lane)"
        - title: "Camera module supported:OV5645/OV5640"
        - title: "Raspberry PI camera supported:OV5647,IMX219"
        - title: "Cameras supported by IPEX connector: OV7251, OV9281, OV8865, OV13850, MT9V024, MT9M031, AR0134, AR0144, IMX185, AR0230WDR"
        - title: "UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs"
    - title: More Info
      icon: fa-external-link-square
      items:
        -
          title: Github Repository
          link: https://github.com/Kevin-WSCU/Dragonboard410C-Camera
        -
          title: Getting Started
          link: https://github.com/Kevin-WSCU/96Boards-Camera/blob/master/UserGuide_V2.0/AISTARVISION-MIPI-Adapter%20V2.0-UserGuide.docx.pdf
    - title: Product Includes
      items:
        - title: 1 x MIPI Adapter Board
product_images:
  - "MIPI-adapter-Front.png"
  - "MIPI adapter-Back.png"
  - "MIPI adapter with Dual module.png"
  - "MIPI adapter with OV7251.png"
  - "MIPI adapter with OV8865.png"
  - "MIPI adapter with OV13850.png"
  - "MIPI adapter with mipi bridge.png"
  - "MIPI adapter with V024.png"
  - "MIPI adapter with PI.png"
  - "MIPI adapter with AR0130-134.png"
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: 96Boards MIPI Adapter (Board only)
    link-url: http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-/252900099832?hash=item3ae20546f8:g:w1MAAOSw03lY5Aaf
    from: ebay
    type: board
  -
    link-title: 96Boards MIPI Adapter with OV5645
    link-url: http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-with-OV5645-auto-focus-module-/252956476095?hash=item3ae56182bf:g:8z4AAOSwA29Y30WD
    from: ebay
    type: package
  -
    link-title: 96Boards MIPI Adapter with Dual OV5640
    link-url: http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-with-Dual-OV5640-/252928072406?hash=item3ae3b01ad6:g:O7kAAOSwTM5Y4frc
    from: ebay
    type: package
  -
    link-title: OV5640 Camera Module only
    link-url: http://www.ebay.com/itm/OV5645-auto-focus-module/252956491650
    from: ebay
    type: board
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: MIPI Adapter Mezzanine
    tab_link: /product/mipiadapter/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/mipiadapter/
    tab_position: 1
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_position: 2
    tab_align_right: true
attributes:
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      "
      Cameras supported by IPEX connector:OV7251,OV9281,OV8865,OV13850,MT9V024,MT9M031,AR0134,AR0144,IMX185,AR0230WDR
      UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs
      "
  - name: "Camera"
    value: >-
      "
      Camera module supported:OV5645/OV5640
      Raspberry PI camera supported:OV5647,IMX219
      Cameras supported by IPEX connector:OV7251,OV9281,OV8865,OV13850,MT9V024,MT9M031,AR0134,AR0144,IMX185,AR0230WDR
      UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs
      "
  - name: "Power"
    value: >-
      "
      There are bidirectional voltage-level translators which allows for low-voltage bidirectional
      translation between any of the 1.2-V,1.5-V, 1.8-V, 2.5-V, 3.3-V, and 5-V voltage nodes.
      So it is compatible with 3.3V or 5V modules and makes connecting peripherals easy.
      You just plug a jumper onto JP9 to select which input voltage you need.
      "
  - name: "Other"
    value: >-
      "
      Two CSI2 channels support(CSI0:4lane;CSI1:2lane)
      "
  - name: "Parent Board"
    value: "/product/dragonboard410c/"

---
This MIPI adapter board is primarily designed for DragonBoard 410c, though it is hardware compatible with other Consumer Edition 96Boards. With this adapter, you can easily  integrate image sensors into your camera projects. This mezzanine is ideal for
surveillance, video conference and even robots projects. It provides multiple interfaces, and gives you a wide range of choices for selecting different camera boards/modules.

## Buy Now

- [eBay - 96Boards MIPI Adapter ](https://www.ebay.com/sch/aiwills-8/m.html?item=253133569033&rt=nc&_trksid=p2047675.l2562)
- [Taobao - 96Boards MIPI Adapter ](https://shop197360562.taobao.com/index.htm?spm=2013.1.w5002-18109524163.6.19891d77HGPQJ7)

***

## Additional Information

- Two CSI2 channels support(CSI0:4lane;CSI1:2lane)
- Camera module supported:OV5645/OV5640
- Raspberry PI camera supported:OV5647,IMX219
- Cameras supported by IPEX connector: OV7251, OV9281, OV8865, OV13850, MT9V024, MT9M031, AR0134, AR0144, IMX185, AR0230WDR
- UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs

***

Commit message:

Added the images/ sub folder path to product_images sections to ensure the paths that NetlifyCMS add are consistent with other products

_product/mezzanine/mipiadapter/README.md, after:

---
title: MIPI Adapter Mezzanine
layout: product
permalink: /product/mipiadapter/
product: true
archived: false
shortname: mipiadapter
dateAdded: 2017-06-26 09:00:00+00:00
description: |-
    This MIPI adapter board is primarily designed for Dragonboard 410c, though it is hardware compatible with other Consumer Edition 96Boards. With this adapter, you can easily integrate image sensors into your camera projects. This mezzanine is ideal for surveillance, video conference and even robots projects. It provides multiple interfaces, and gives you a wide range of choices for selecting different camera boards/modules.
display_product: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: Hardware compatible MIPI mezzanine and GPIO breakout for 96Boards
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: Features
      items:
        - title: "Two CSI2 channels support(CSI0:4lane;CSI1:2lane)"
        - title: "Camera module supported:OV5645/OV5640"
        - title: "Raspberry PI camera supported:OV5647,IMX219"
        - title: "Cameras supported by IPEX connector: OV7251, OV9281, OV8865, OV13850, MT9V024, MT9M031, AR0134, AR0144, IMX185, AR0230WDR"
        - title: "UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs"
    - title: More Info
      icon: fa-external-link-square
      items:
        -
          title: Github Repository
          link: https://github.com/Kevin-WSCU/Dragonboard410C-Camera
        -
          title: Getting Started
          link: https://github.com/Kevin-WSCU/96Boards-Camera/blob/master/UserGuide_V2.0/AISTARVISION-MIPI-Adapter%20V2.0-UserGuide.docx.pdf
    - title: Product Includes
      items:
        - title: 1 x MIPI Adapter Board
product_images:
  - images/MIPI-adapter-Front.png
  - images/MIPI adapter-Back.png
  - images/MIPI adapter with Dual module.png
  - images/MIPI adapter with OV7251.png
  - images/MIPI adapter with OV8865.png
  - images/MIPI adapter with OV13850.png
  - images/MIPI adapter with mipi bridge.png
  - images/MIPI adapter with V024.png
  - images/MIPI adapter with PI.png
  - images/MIPI adapter with AR0130-134.png
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: 96Boards MIPI Adapter (Board only)
    link-url: http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-/252900099832?hash=item3ae20546f8:g:w1MAAOSw03lY5Aaf
    from: ebay
    type: board
  -
    link-title: 96Boards MIPI Adapter with OV5645
    link-url: http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-with-OV5645-auto-focus-module-/252956476095?hash=item3ae56182bf:g:8z4AAOSwA29Y30WD
    from: ebay
    type: package
  -
    link-title: 96Boards MIPI Adapter with Dual OV5640
    link-url: http://www.ebay.com/itm/96Boards-MIPI-Adapter-with-Dual-OV5640-/252928072406?hash=item3ae3b01ad6:g:O7kAAOSwTM5Y4frc
    from: ebay
    type: package
  -
    link-title: OV5640 Camera Module only
    link-url: http://www.ebay.com/itm/OV5645-auto-focus-module/252956491650
    from: ebay
    type: board
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: MIPI Adapter Mezzanine
    tab_link: /product/mipiadapter/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/mipiadapter/
    tab_position: 1
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_position: 2
    tab_align_right: true
attributes:
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      "
      Cameras supported by IPEX connector:OV7251,OV9281,OV8865,OV13850,MT9V024,MT9M031,AR0134,AR0144,IMX185,AR0230WDR
      UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs
      "
  - name: "Camera"
    value: >-
      "
      Camera module supported:OV5645/OV5640
      Raspberry PI camera supported:OV5647,IMX219
      Cameras supported by IPEX connector:OV7251,OV9281,OV8865,OV13850,MT9V024,MT9M031,AR0134,AR0144,IMX185,AR0230WDR
      UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs
      "
  - name: "Power"
    value: >-
      "
      There are bidirectional voltage-level translators which allows for low-voltage bidirectional
      translation between any of the 1.2-V,1.5-V, 1.8-V, 2.5-V, 3.3-V, and 5-V voltage nodes.
      So it is compatible with 3.3V or 5V modules and makes connecting peripherals easy.
      You just plug a jumper onto JP9 to select which input voltage you need.
      "
  - name: "Other"
    value: >-
      "
      Two CSI2 channels support(CSI0:4lane;CSI1:2lane)
      "
  - name: "Parent Board"
    value: "/product/dragonboard410c/"

---
This MIPI adapter board is primarily designed for DragonBoard 410c, though it is hardware compatible with other Consumer Edition 96Boards. With this adapter, you can easily  integrate image sensors into your camera projects. This mezzanine is ideal for
surveillance, video conference and even robots projects. It provides multiple interfaces, and gives you a wide range of choices for selecting different camera boards/modules.

## Buy Now

- [eBay - 96Boards MIPI Adapter ](https://www.ebay.com/sch/aiwills-8/m.html?item=253133569033&rt=nc&_trksid=p2047675.l2562)
- [Taobao - 96Boards MIPI Adapter ](https://shop197360562.taobao.com/index.htm?spm=2013.1.w5002-18109524163.6.19891d77HGPQJ7)

***

## Additional Information

- Two CSI2 channels support(CSI0:4lane;CSI1:2lane)
- Camera module supported:OV5645/OV5640
- Raspberry PI camera supported:OV5647,IMX219
- Cameras supported by IPEX connector: OV7251, OV9281, OV8865, OV13850, MT9V024, MT9M031, AR0134, AR0144, IMX185, AR0230WDR
- UART0/UART1/SPI0/I2C0/I2C1/I2C2 and GPIOs

***
