_product/mezzanine/ethernetcard/README.md, before:

---
title: Ethernet Card
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/ethernetcard/
shortname: ethernetcard
description: |-
    The PoE + Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables the 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet. The Board consists of three key components. The LAN7850 from Microchip provides Gigabit Ethernet through high speed USB 2.0, which is connected to the 96Boards standard HS expansion connector.
display_product: true
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/ethernetcard/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
      tab_position: 2
      tab_align_right: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: The PoE Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables the 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet.
product_long_desc: |-
    The PoE + Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables the 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet.
    The Board consists of three key components. The LAN7850 from Microchip provides Gigabit Ethernet through high speed USB 2.0, which is connected to the 96Boards standard HS expansion connector.
product_images:
  - "ethernet-card-high-res.png"
  - "DB410c_Mezz_Front_Angle.jpg"
  - "DB410c_Mezz_Front2.jpg"
  - "Ethernet_Back.jpg"
  - "Ethernet_Front.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Ethernet.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side2.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side3.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side4.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side5.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side6.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side7.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side8.jpg"
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Arrow.com
    link-url: https://www.arrow.com/en/products/scheda-usb-eth-v1/rushup
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: Ethernet Card
    tab_link: /product/ethernetcard/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/ethernetcard/
    tab_position: 1
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_position: 2
    tab_align_right: true
product: true
archived: false
---
The PoE + Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables the 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet. The Board consists of three key components. The LAN7850 from Microchip provides Gigabit Ethernet through high speed USB 2.0, which is connected to the 96Boards standard HS expansion connector. For a secure transmission of data the Mezzanine Board is equipped with Atmel’s Hardware Asymmetric Crypto Engine TPM AT97SC3205T. Furthermore, it allows the 96Boards to be powered over the external Ethernet POE+ line by Linear Technology’s LT4276. The 2 poles connector on the shield can be used to power an external device using the 12V generated by the POE+ circuitry. The Mezzanine Board can be plugged directly on top of 96Boards consumer edition (CE) products and on top of it you have the possibility to plug other extension shields

## Buy Now

- [Arrow.com](https://www.arrow.com/en/products/scheda-usb-eth-v1/rushup)

***

Commit message:

Feature/refactoring 96boards website repo (#1215)
* Added board attributes from the board-details.yml data file to the front matter for each board

* Removed old data files

* Replaced references to the board-details.yml data file with the site.product collection since all attributes data has been moved to a products README

* Updated the featured-products include

* Added the revamped website sass styles

* Added the nav.html override with the bootstrap container added

* Added the universal-nav.html include

* Removed old _config-china.yml file

* Moving the projects/blog menu items to the initiatives menu

_product/mezzanine/ethernetcard/README.md, after:

---
title: Ethernet Card
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/ethernetcard/
shortname: ethernetcard
description: |-
    The PoE + Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables the 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet. The Board consists of three key components. The LAN7850 from Microchip provides Gigabit Ethernet through high speed USB 2.0, which is connected to the 96Boards standard HS expansion connector.
display_product: true
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/ethernetcard/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
      tab_position: 2
      tab_align_right: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product_short_desc: The PoE Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables the 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet.
product_long_desc: |-
    The PoE + Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables the 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet.
    The Board consists of three key components. The LAN7850 from Microchip provides Gigabit Ethernet through high speed USB 2.0, which is connected to the 96Boards standard HS expansion connector.
product_images:
  - "ethernet-card-high-res.png"
  - "DB410c_Mezz_Front_Angle.jpg"
  - "DB410c_Mezz_Front2.jpg"
  - "Ethernet_Back.jpg"
  - "Ethernet_Front.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Ethernet.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side2.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side3.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side4.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side5.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side6.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side7.jpg"
  - "Front_Angle_Side8.jpg"
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Arrow.com
    link-url: https://www.arrow.com/en/products/scheda-usb-eth-v1/rushup
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: Ethernet Card
    tab_link: /product/ethernetcard/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/ethernetcard/
    tab_position: 1
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_position: 2
    tab_align_right: true
product: true
archived: false
dateAdded: 2017-06-26 09:00:00+00:00
attributes:
  - name: "Connectivity"
    value: >-
      "Gigabit Ethernet through high speed USB 2.0"
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      "Atmel’s Hardware Asymmetric Crypto Engine TPM AT97SC3205T"
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      "
      Connected to the 96Boards standard HS expansion connector
      2 poles connector on the shield can be used to power an external device using the 12V generated by the POE+ circuitry
      "
  - name: "Power"
    value: >-
      "
      Allows 96Boards to be powered over the external Ethernet POE+ line by Linear Technology’s LT4276.
      "

---
The PoE + Mezzanine Board is a solution that enables the 96Boards to be powered over Ethernet. The Board consists of three key components. The LAN7850 from Microchip provides Gigabit Ethernet through high speed USB 2.0, which is connected to the 96Boards standard HS expansion connector. For a secure transmission of data the Mezzanine Board is equipped with Atmel’s Hardware Asymmetric Crypto Engine TPM AT97SC3205T. Furthermore, it allows the 96Boards to be powered over the external Ethernet POE+ line by Linear Technology’s LT4276. The 2 poles connector on the shield can be used to power an external device using the 12V generated by the POE+ circuitry. The Mezzanine Board can be plugged directly on top of 96Boards consumer edition (CE) products and on top of it you have the possibility to plug other extension shields

## Buy Now

- [Arrow.com](https://www.arrow.com/en/products/scheda-usb-eth-v1/rushup)

***
