96Boards.org/Projects/README.md, before:

# 96Boards Project

[Submit a Project](SUBMIT.md) | [Contribute](CONTRIBUTE.md) | [OpenHours](http://www.96boards.org/openhours/)

***

<table align="center">
<tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="GadgetDrone/README.md">GadgetDrone</a><br><img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/GadgetDrone/Images/DroneKit_BOM.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/GadgetDrone/Images/DroneKit_BOM.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" /><br>Working 96Boards drone using the Qualcomm DragonBoard 410c and the AeroCore 2 Mezzanine </td>
    <td align="center"><a href="Mosquitto/README.md">Mosquitto</a><img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/Mosquitto/Images/MQTT_FrontPage.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/Mosquitto/Images/MQTT_FrontPage.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" /><br>Demonstrates the use of mosquitto as a broker and paho as a client for MQTT messages</td>
    <td align="center"><a href="96Brews/README.md">96Brews</a><br><img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/96Brews/Images/96Brews_FrontPage.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/96Brews/Images/96Brews_FrontPage.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" /><br>Learn how to automate your home brewing system with a series of sensors and 96Boards</td>
    <td align="center"><a href="KVM/README.md">KVM</a><br><img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/KVM/Images/KVM_FrontPage.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/KVM/Images/KVM_FrontPage.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" /><br>Virtualization infrastructure that turns the Linux kernel into a hypervisor</td>
</tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Added page information and FAQ Link
Still missing folder and README

Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

96Boards.org/Projects/README.md, after:

# 96Boards Project

This projects page is hosted on, and rendered from the [96Boards website repository](https://github.com/96boards/website/tree/master/96Boards.org/Projects). Project submissions are always welcome. For instructions on how to submit your 96Boards projects and/or contribute to already existing projects, please visit the links below.

[Submit a Project](SUBMIT.md) | [Contribute](CONTRIBUTE.md) | [FAQ](FAQ.md) | [OpenHours](http://www.96boards.org/openhours/)

***

<table align="center">
<tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="GadgetDrone/README.md">GadgetDrone</a><br><img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/GadgetDrone/Images/DroneKit_BOM.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/GadgetDrone/Images/DroneKit_BOM.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" /><br>Working 96Boards drone using the Qualcomm DragonBoard 410c and the AeroCore 2 Mezzanine </td>
    <td align="center"><a href="Mosquitto/README.md">Mosquitto</a><img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/Mosquitto/Images/MQTT_FrontPage.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/Mosquitto/Images/MQTT_FrontPage.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" /><br>Demonstrates the use of mosquitto as a broker and paho as a client for MQTT messages</td>
    <td align="center"><a href="96Brews/README.md">96Brews</a><br><img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/96Brews/Images/96Brews_FrontPage.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/96Brews/Images/96Brews_FrontPage.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" /><br>Learn how to automate your home brewing system with a series of sensors and 96Boards</td>
    <td align="center"><a href="KVM/README.md">KVM</a><br><img src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/KVM/Images/KVM_FrontPage.png?raw=true" data-canonical-src="https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/96Boards.org/Projects/KVM/Images/KVM_FrontPage.png?raw=true" width="150" height="150" /><br>Virtualization infrastructure that turns the Linux kernel into a hypervisor</td>
</tr>
</table>
