go/2018-partnership-brazil/README.md, before:

---
title: Brazil Partnership - 2018
description: |-
    Brazil Partnership Program, dedicated community support page.
permalink: /go/brazil-partnership-2018/
layout: container-breadcrumb
---
## Brazil Partnership - 2018

<div class="center-block" markdown="1">
<a href="https://www.96boards.org/go/db410c-partnership-brazil/" class="btn btn-primary">Last Year's Page</a>
</div>

<div class="col-md-9" markdown="1">

## Introduction

Coming Soon...

***

## The Kit

Coming Soon...

***

## Events

Coming Soon...

#### Livestreams

Coming Soon...

#### Online Office Hours

Coming Soon...

***

## Resources

#### Getting started

Coming Soon...

#### Connectivity

Coming Soon...

#### Peripherals (I/O) access and sample code

Coming Soon...

#### Documentation

Coming Soon...

#### Support

Coming Soon...


{% include image.html name="BrazilPartnershipGoImg4.jpg" alt="Dragonboard410c Partnership Brazil Image 4"%}

</div>

<div class="col-md-3" markdown="1">
{% include image.html name="BrazilPartnershipGoImg3.jpg" alt="Dragonboard410c Partnership Brazil Image 3"%}

***

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kIZd8CDgsWE?feature=oembed" %}

***

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>

Commit message:

go/2018-partnership-brazil: Begin adding content to this go page
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

go/2018-partnership-brazil/README.md, after:

---
title: Brazil Partnership - 2018
description: |-
    Brazil Partnership Program, dedicated community support page.
permalink: /go/brazil-partnership-2018/
layout: container-breadcrumb
---
## Brazil Partnership - 2018

<div class="center-block" markdown="1">
<a href="https://www.96boards.org/go/db410c-partnership-brazil/" class="btn btn-primary">Last Year's Page</a>
</div>

<div class="col-md-9" markdown="1">

## Introduction

Coming Soon...

***

## The Kit

- [DragonBoard 410c](https://developer.qualcomm.com/hardware/dragonboard-410c), by Arrow Electronics, featuring the Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 410 processor
- [Arrow LinkSprite](https://www.96boards.org/products/mezzanine/)

For optional add ons, visit the [96Boards website](https://www.96boards.org/)

***

## Events

Coming Soon...

#### Livestreams

Coming Soon...

#### Online Office Hours

<iframe width="321" height="165" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2215188" frameborder="0"></iframe>

1) Install BlueJeans video conferencing software on your desktop or mobile device
   - [Desktop download](https://www.bluejeans.com/downloads)
   - [Mobile download](https://www.bluejeans.com/downloads#mobile-tablet)
2) Launch BlueJeans applications
3) Use the following ID to join the weekly call
   - ID: 943216362

NOTE - You can also join via web browser with the following link: https://bluejeans.com/943216362

***

## Resources

- DragonBoard 410c Landing page
   - [96Boards Landing Page](https://www.96boards.org/product/dragonboard410c/)
   - [Documentation](https://github.com/96boards/documentation)
- Projects
   - [Instructables](http://www.instructables.com/howto/dragonboard+qualcomm/)
   - [96Boards](https://www.96boards.org/projects/)
   - [Qualcomm Developer Network](https://developer.qualcomm.com/project)
- Workshop presentation
   - [Presentation](http://bit.ly/2lzW7ox)
- 96Boards OpenHours
   - [Website](https://www.96boards.org/openhours/)
   - [Previous Episodes](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk)

#### Getting started

Coming Soon...

#### Connectivity

Coming Soon...

#### Peripherals (I/O) access and sample code

Coming Soon...

#### Documentation

Coming Soon...

#### Support

Coming Soon...

</div>

<div class="col-md-3" markdown="1">
{% include image.html name="BrazilPartnershipGoImg3.jpg" alt="Dragonboard410c Partnership Brazil Image 3"%}

***

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kIZd8CDgsWE?feature=oembed" %}

***

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
