services/README.md, before:

---
title: 96Boards Partner Services
description: |-
    96Boards Partner offered services
permalink: "/services/"
layout: container-breadcrumb-tabs
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
---

<br>
<a href="https://www.96boards.org/openhours/" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">96Boards OpenHours</a>
<a href="https://www.96boards.org/go/mezzanine-community/" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">Mezzanine Community</a>
<a href="https://github.com/osacademics" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">Open Source Academics</a>

## Partner Services

### Partner 1

### Partner 2

### Partner 3

### Partner 4

### Partner 5

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="services-panel" markdown="1" id="services-panel">

### Content 1

Insert Content 1

### Content 2

Insert Content 2

* * *

### Social

**96Boards**
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/96Boards) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/96Boards) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/96boards)

**OpenHours Live**

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/live_stream?channel=UCjawhk_W1QnJs3pKIsKLJNg" %}

**OpenHours Channel**

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
</div>

Commit message:

services: Added small draft introduction to services page
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

services/README.md, after:

---
title: 96Boards Partner Services
description: |-
    96Boards Partner offered services
permalink: "/services/"
layout: container-breadcrumb-tabs
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
---

<br>
<a href="https://www.96boards.org/openhours/" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">96Boards OpenHours</a>
<a href="https://www.96boards.org/go/mezzanine-community/" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">Mezzanine Community</a>
<a href="https://github.com/osacademics" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">Open Source Academics</a>

## Partner Services

96Boards Services (offered by a variety of Service Partners) are a crucial part of the 96Boards model. Considering the diverse yet unified nature of 96Boards, a strong path forward, paved by strong partners seemed like a necessity for developers working around 96Boards technologies. A group of partners have stepped up to offer unique and specialized services which can cater to a wide variety of developer needs. Some of these services include (but are not limited to) the following:

- Hardware design
- Product Protection Solutions
- Security Vulnerability &amp; Patch Notification Service
- Test & Validation Services
- and much more...

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="services-panel" markdown="1" id="services-panel">

### Content 1

Insert Content 1

### Content 2

Insert Content 2

* * *

### Social

**96Boards**
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/96Boards) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/96Boards) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/96boards)

**OpenHours Live**

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/live_stream?channel=UCjawhk_W1QnJs3pKIsKLJNg" %}

**OpenHours Channel**

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
</div>
