go/mezzanine-community/README.md, before:

---
title: Mezzanine Community
description: An intro to the 96Boards Mezzanine Community
permalink: /go/mezzanine-community/
layout: container-breadcrumb
---
# By the Community, For the Community

<iframe width="350" height="180" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2217918" frameborder="0"></iframe>

The 96Boards Mezzanine Community was formed by a group of individuals who shared the passion of Open-Source hardware & software.

This community aims to create an ecosystem of Open-Hardware platforms based around the 96Boards CE Mezzanine Specification and also provide a unified platform to host mezzanine designs.

The community repository is hosted on GitHub: [https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community)

The community also meets Bi-Weekly, Mondays at 4PM UTC over [BlueJeans Video Conference](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community#meetings-and-notes).

And you can also find the community members hanging out on IRC on the #OpenHours Channel (on freenode.net) which they have politely hijacked.

## The People

- [Micheal Welling](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mwelling/): Lead Maintainer
   - Esteemed Open-Hardware evangelist & engineer. Founder of QWERTY Embedded Design, LLC.
- [Robert Wolff](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sdrobertw/): Community Manager
   - 96Boards Community Manager, OpenHours Host.
- [Sahaj Sarup](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sahaj-sarup-5736a3b0/): Reviewer
   - 96Boards Applications Engineer
- Contributors:
   - Rafael Christ - Altium / Eagle Reviewer
   - Gustavo Retuci Pinheiro - Altium / Eagle Reviewer
   - Grant Likely - KiCad contributor
   - Sophie Haynes - KiCad contributor
   - Barry Byford - MicroMezz

## Mezzanines on the Repository

Here are a list of mezzanines that have made it into the Repository.

- [MiroMezz](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community/tree/master/boards/other/micromez)
- [iot-6lowpan-gateway](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community/tree/master/boards/altium/iot-6lowpan-gateway)
- [I/O Testing Mezzanine](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community/tree/master/boards/altium/io-testing-mezzanine-stackable)
- [GPS Mezzanine](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community/tree/master/boards/kicad/gps-mezzanine)
- [Proto Mezzanine](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community/tree/master/boards/kicad/proto-mezzanine)

## How can YOU contribute?
Contributions can be as simple as helping us decide what Mezzanines to make next and you can do that by filling out the Google Form below!

OR

- Let us know if you want something improved with the boards that are currently on the repository by submitting an issue; or
- Submit your own mezzanine design via a simple pull-request on our GitHub Repository.

What ever you choose to do, just make sure to follow the [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md)
## Choose what mezzanine gets made next...

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf7cPO1WSITFM6VSja4p9OZeEbdjIqEi_eMKZmjZ5Qmfoa2-w/viewform?usp=sf_link" width="100%" height="1000" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

Commit message:

go: simplify mezzanine community go page
- remove defunct clock
- slim down the content

Signed-off-by: Sahaj Sarup <sahaj.sarup@linaro.org>

go/mezzanine-community/README.md, after:

---
title: Mezzanine Community
description: An intro to the 96Boards Mezzanine Community
permalink: /go/mezzanine-community/
layout: container-breadcrumb
---
# By the Community, For the Community

<iframe width="350" height="180" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2217918" frameborder="0"></iframe>

The 96Boards Mezzanine Community was formed by a group of individuals who shared the passion of Open-Source hardware & software.

This community aims to create an ecosystem of Open-Hardware platforms based around the 96Boards CE Mezzanine Specification and also provide a unified platform to host mezzanine designs.

### Want to check out the repository?
The community repository is hosted on GitHub: [https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community)

### Want to be a part of our meetings and discussions?
The community also meets Bi-Weekly, Mondays at 5PM UTC over [BlueJeans Video Conference](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community#meetings-and-notes).

And you can also find the community members hanging out on IRC on the #OpenHours Channel (on freenode.net) which they have politely hijacked.

And on the [96Boards Slack Channel](https://join.slack.com/t/96boards/shared_invite/enQtNDEzMzE2MDEzMDE1LTM1YzRhYWYzMmE1OGY5ZmUxOTBlZTM4ZmE4MzUzZWRiNDE4ZDc1ZDk3OTk1NGE2ZTI5MDZhZDYyZjIwZmMxNGY).

### Want to contribute towards the effort?
- Let us know if you want something improved with the boards that are currently on the repository by submitting an issue

OR

- Submit your own mezzanine design via a simple pull-request on our GitHub Repository.

OR

- Contributions can be as simple as helping us decide what Mezzanines to make next and you can do that by filling out the Google Form below!

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf7cPO1WSITFM6VSja4p9OZeEbdjIqEi_eMKZmjZ5Qmfoa2-w/viewform?usp=sf_link" width="100%" height="1000" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>


What ever you choose to do, just make sure to follow the [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/96boards/mezzanine-community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md)
