_product/ce/dragonboard820c/README.md, before:

---
title: DragonBoard™ 820c (Arrow)
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/dragonboard820c/
shortname: dragonboard820c
description: |-
    DragonBoard 820c by Arrow Electronics, development board based on the top-tier Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820E processor. Low-Cost Product Development Platform
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, Qualcomm, Snapdragon 410, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: "Board based on Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820E processor and it's the size of a credit card."
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
is_featured: true
product_images:
  - dragonboard820c-front-sd.png
  - dragonboard820c-back-sd.png
product_tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/
      tab_position: 2
      tab_position: 3
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/dragonboard820c/
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_getting_started: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/getting-started/
product_documentation_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/
product_tutorials_link: /tutorials/dragonboard820c/
product_support_link: "https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/dragonboard820c/"
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: DragonBoard820c (Basic Kit)
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/dragonboard820c/arrow-development-tools"
    from: Arrow.com
    type: board
    link-price: "$199.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
# Right Sidepanel links
product_os:
  - title: Debian
    link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/downloads/debian.md.html
product_middleware:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product_third_party_images:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/
product_mezzanine:
  - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
    link: /product/d3camera/
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
  - title: Audio Mezzanine
    link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
product_kits:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product: true
---
The DragonBoard 820c development board is based on the Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820E embedded
platform with the custom 64-bit Qualcomm® Kryo™ quad-core CPU and is compliant with the 96Boards
Consumer Edition Extended Version specification managed by Linaro. The combination of the
Snapdragon 820E embedded platform’s powerful Qualcomm® Adreno™ 530 GPU and quad-core CPU
expands the possibilities of connected computing and high quality visual experiences while providing the
ultimate in power efficiency. The DragonBoard 820c development board supports a wide range of
interfaces and is ideal for prototyping complex embedded computing applications, from realistic visual
and audio immersion for VR and AR applications, to machine vision and artificial intelligence for
commercial drones and robots. The Snapdragon 820E embedded platform is designed to provide a fast-
track deployment path, with integration services and production-ready, customizable SoMs (System-on-
Modules) and SBCs (Single Board Computers) available to turn a DragonBoard 820c based invention into
a commercial product.

***

## Additional Information

|   Component          |   Description                                                                  |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  SoC                 | Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820E                                                     |
|  CPU                 | Snapdragon 820E embedded platform, custom 64-bit Kryo quad-core CPU up to 2.35GHz , 14nm FinFET process technology                                                  |
|  GPU                 | Adreno™ 530 GPU OpenGL ES 3.1 + AEP, Vulcan, Renderscript, 64-bit virtual addressing                                                                                  |
|  RAM                 | Quad-channel, 16bit, 3GB PoP LPDDR4 SDRAM designed for 1866 MHz clock rate                                              |
|  Storage             | UFS2.0 gear 3 (1-lane) 32GB , and SD3.0                                              |
|  Ethernet Port       | GbE Ethernet connection                                                        |
|  Wireless            | WLAN 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.2                                                |
|  USB                 | One USB 2.0 micro B (device mode only)<br>Two USB 3.0 (host mode only)                                                                 |
|  Display             | 4k60 FPS decode 10-bit over HDMI 2.0 4K30<br>Miracast 2.0 streaming HEVC 10-bit and VP9<br>decode Direct Stream Video for Wireless<br>Display, 3:1 Frame Buffer Compression ratio       |
|  Video               | 4K UltraHD@30fps video playback and capture with H.264 (AVC) and H.265 (HEVC)  |
|  Audio               | PCM/AAC+/MP3/WMA, ECNS, Audio+ post-processing (optional)                      |
|  Camera              | Integrated Dual ISP with support for 3 image sensors up to 28MP                |
|  Expansion Interface | Expansion Connectors:<br>1x 96boards 40 pin Low-Speed connector (UART x2, SPI, I2S, I2C x2, GPIO x12, DC power)<br>1x 96boards 60 pin High-Speed connector (4L-MIPI DSI, USB,I2C x2, 2L+4L-MIPI CSI)<br>2x Analog expansion connector (headset, speaker via sound-wire interface, microphones, line-outs)<br>1x 60 pin High-Speed connector (secondary 4L-MIPI DSI, SSC serial busses, TSIF – connection available only in hardware)<br>I/O Interfaces:<br>HDMI Full-size Type A connector (4K@60fps)<br>1x USB 2.0 micro B (device mode only), 2x USB 2.0 type A (host mode only), micro SD card slot<br>1x GbE RJ45, 1x PCIe HMC, headset                                                |
|  LED                 | 6 LED indicators<br>4 - user controllable<br>2 - for radios (BT and WLAN activity) |
|  Button              | Power/Reset<br>Volume Up<br>Volume down                                                                   |
|  Power Source        | 96Boards compliant power supply                  |
|  OS Support          | Linux Debian today<br>Linux OpenEmbedded – later 2018                          |
|  Size                | 100mm by 85mm meeting 96Boards™ Consumer Edition ’extended’ dimensions specifications.               |

Commit message:

820c: add note for unsupported api and corrected cpu clock speed
- added note saying OpenCL2.0 Vulkan and Renderscript are not support by us
- Corrected clock speed from 2.35 to 2.15

fixes #326

Signed-off-by: Sahaj Sarup <sahaj.sarup@linaro.org>

_product/ce/dragonboard820c/README.md, after:

---
title: DragonBoard™ 820c (Arrow)
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/dragonboard820c/
shortname: dragonboard820c
description: |-
    DragonBoard 820c by Arrow Electronics, development board based on the top-tier Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820E processor. Low-Cost Product Development Platform
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, Qualcomm, Snapdragon 410, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: "Board based on Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820E processor and it's the size of a credit card."
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
is_featured: true
product_images:
  - dragonboard820c-front-sd.png
  - dragonboard820c-back-sd.png
product_tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/
      tab_position: 2
      tab_position: 3
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/dragonboard820c/
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_getting_started: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/getting-started/
product_documentation_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/
product_tutorials_link: /tutorials/dragonboard820c/
product_support_link: "https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/dragonboard820c/"
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: DragonBoard820c (Basic Kit)
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/dragonboard820c/arrow-development-tools"
    from: Arrow.com
    type: board
    link-price: "$199.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
# Right Sidepanel links
product_os:
  - title: Debian
    link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard820c/downloads/debian.md.html
product_middleware:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product_third_party_images:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/
product_mezzanine:
  - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
    link: /product/d3camera/
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
  - title: Audio Mezzanine
    link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
product_kits:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product: true
---
The DragonBoard 820c development board is based on the Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820E embedded
platform with the custom 64-bit Qualcomm® Kryo™ quad-core CPU and is compliant with the 96Boards
Consumer Edition Extended Version specification managed by Linaro. The combination of the
Snapdragon 820E embedded platform’s powerful Qualcomm® Adreno™ 530 GPU and quad-core CPU
expands the possibilities of connected computing and high quality visual experiences while providing the
ultimate in power efficiency. The DragonBoard 820c development board supports a wide range of
interfaces and is ideal for prototyping complex embedded computing applications, from realistic visual
and audio immersion for VR and AR applications, to machine vision and artificial intelligence for
commercial drones and robots. The Snapdragon 820E embedded platform is designed to provide a fast-
track deployment path, with integration services and production-ready, customizable SoMs (System-on-
Modules) and SBCs (Single Board Computers) available to turn a DragonBoard 820c based invention into
a commercial product.

***

## Additional Information

|   Component          |   Description                                                                  |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  SoC                 | Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820E                                                     |
|  CPU                 | Snapdragon 820E embedded platform, custom 64-bit Kryo quad-core CPU up to 2.15GHz , 14nm FinFET process technology                                                  |
|  GPU                 | Adreno™ 530 GPU OpenGL ES 3.1 + AEP, OpenCL2.0, Vulcan, Renderscript, 64-bit virtual addressing                                                                                 |
|  RAM                 | Quad-channel, 16bit, 3GB PoP LPDDR4 SDRAM designed for 1866 MHz clock rate                                              |
|  Storage             | UFS2.0 gear 3 (1-lane) 32GB , and SD3.0                                              |
|  Ethernet Port       | GbE Ethernet connection                                                        |
|  Wireless            | WLAN 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.2                                                |
|  USB                 | One USB 2.0 micro B (device mode only)<br>Two USB 3.0 (host mode only)                                                                 |
|  Display             | 4k60 FPS decode 10-bit over HDMI 2.0 4K30<br>Miracast 2.0 streaming HEVC 10-bit and VP9<br>decode Direct Stream Video for Wireless<br>Display, 3:1 Frame Buffer Compression ratio       |
|  Video               | 4K UltraHD@30fps video playback and capture with H.264 (AVC) and H.265 (HEVC)  |
|  Audio               | PCM/AAC+/MP3/WMA, ECNS, Audio+ post-processing (optional)                      |
|  Camera              | Integrated Dual ISP with support for 3 image sensors up to 28MP                |
|  Expansion Interface | Expansion Connectors:<br>1x 96boards 40 pin Low-Speed connector (UART x2, SPI, I2S, I2C x2, GPIO x12, DC power)<br>1x 96boards 60 pin High-Speed connector (4L-MIPI DSI, USB,I2C x2, 2L+4L-MIPI CSI)<br>2x Analog expansion connector (headset, speaker via sound-wire interface, microphones, line-outs)<br>1x 60 pin High-Speed connector (secondary 4L-MIPI DSI, SSC serial busses, TSIF – connection available only in hardware)<br>I/O Interfaces:<br>HDMI Full-size Type A connector (4K@60fps)<br>1x USB 2.0 micro B (device mode only), 2x USB 2.0 type A (host mode only), micro SD card slot<br>1x GbE RJ45, 1x PCIe HMC, headset                                                |
|  LED                 | 6 LED indicators<br>4 - user controllable<br>2 - for radios (BT and WLAN activity) |
|  Button              | Power/Reset<br>Volume Up<br>Volume down                                                                   |
|  Power Source        | 96Boards compliant power supply                  |
|  OS Support          | Linux Debian today<br>Linux OpenEmbedded – later 2018                          |
|  Size                | 100mm by 85mm meeting 96Boards™ Consumer Edition ’extended’ dimensions specifications.               |

>Note: OpenCL2.0, Vulcan and RenderScript are supported features on the GPU. However, they are NOT a part of the official Linux Kernel, Debian, Open-embedded and AOSP release.
