_product/ie/nitrogen/README.md, before:

---
title: Nitrogen
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/nitrogen/
description: |-
    The BLE Nitrogen is joint efforts by 96Boards and Seeed, aims to provide economic and compact  BLE solutions for IoT projects.

    96Boards is produced by Linaro, a nonprofit oganization cofunded  by famous companies including ARM, IBM、Samsung、ST-Ericsson and TI. It is the first open specification to define a platform for the delivery of compatible low-cost, small footprint 32-bit and 64-bit Cortex-A boards from the range of ARM SoC vendors. By standardizing expansion buses for peripheral I/O, display and cameras, it allows the hardware ecosystem to develop a range of compatible add-on products that will work on any 96Boards product over the lifetime of the platform.

    BLE Nitrogen is the kind of boards that uses software platform from 96Boards while the hardware from Seeed, it also uses the Nordic bluetooth solution. With the widely used open specification and strong manufacturing background from 96Boards and Seeed, BLE Nitrogen must be one of the best BLE solutions for IoT project.
---
# Nitrogen

The BLE Nitrogen is joint efforts by 96Boards and Seeed, aims to provide economic and compact  BLE solutions for IoT projects.

96Boards is produced by Linaro, a nonprofit oganization cofunded  by famous companies including ARM, IBM、Samsung、ST-Ericsson and TI. It is the first open specification to define a platform for the delivery of compatible low-cost, small footprint 32-bit and 64-bit Cortex-A boards from the range of ARM SoC vendors. By standardizing expansion buses for peripheral I/O, display and cameras, it allows the hardware ecosystem to develop a range of compatible add-on products that will work on any 96Boards product over the lifetime of the platform.

BLE Nitrogen is the kind of boards that uses software platform from 96Boards while the hardware from Seeed, it also uses the Nordic bluetooth solution. With the widely used open specification and strong manufacturing background from 96Boards and Seeed, BLE Nitrogen must be one of the best BLE solutions for IoT project.

## Buy Now

- [Seeed Studio](https://www.seeedstudio.com/BLE-Nitrogen-p-2711.html?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIhKu_ztr81AIVQiWBCh1zjghZEAAYASAAEgIKZPD_BwE)

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">


|   Component          |   Description                                                                                    |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  SoC                 | nRF52832 microcontroller                                                                         |
|  CPU                 | Cortex-M4                                                                                        |
|  Clock Speed         | 64MHz                                                                                            |
|  RAM                 | 64KB                                                                                             |
|  Storage             | 512KB onboard Flash                                                                              |
|  Battery             | Onboard battery connector and charger                                                            |
|  Debugger            | LPC11U35 on board SWD debugger                                                                   |
|  Wireless            | nRF51832 Bluetooth with BLE power consumption measurement                                        |
|  Connectors          | SWD debug, nRF52832 SWD, nRF52832 UART                                                           |
|  Expansion Interface | 40 Pin Low-speed expansion                                                                       |
|  Digital Output (V)  | 1.8V                                                                                             |
|  Analog Input (V)    | 0V - 1.8V                                                                                        |
|  Antenna             | Onboard chip antenna                                                                             |
|  Power Source        | USB power supply with fuse protect                                                               |
|  OS Support          | Zephyr                                                                                           |
|  Size                | 60x30mm                                                                                          |

</div>

***

Commit message:

Fixed nitrogen description (first attempt)
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

_product/ie/nitrogen/README.md, after:

---
title: Nitrogen
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/nitrogen/
description: |-

    The BLE Nitrogen was built as a joint effort between 96Boards and Seeed. Nitrogen is a 96Boards compliant IoT Edition board which aims to provide economic and compact BLE solutions for a variety of IoT projects. This board features the nRF52832 microcontroller by Nordic, 64kb of RAM and 512kb of onboard flash storage. An easily accessible 40 pin low-speed expansion connector and onboard antenna offer a wide variety of IO on the much desired standardized 96Boards IoT form factor.

---
# Nitrogen

    The BLE Nitrogen was built as a joint effort between 96Boards and Seeed. Nitrogen is a 96Boards compliant IoT Edition board which aims to provide economic and compact BLE solutions for a variety of IoT projects. This board features the nRF52832 microcontroller by Nordic, 64kb of RAM and 512kb of onboard flash storage. An easily accessible 40 pin low-speed expansion connector and onboard antenna offer a wide variety of IO on the much desired standardized 96Boards IoT form factor.

## Buy Now

- [Seeed Studio](https://www.seeedstudio.com/BLE-Nitrogen-p-2711.html?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIhKu_ztr81AIVQiWBCh1zjghZEAAYASAAEgIKZPD_BwE)

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">


|   Component          |   Description                                                                                    |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  SoC                 | nRF52832 microcontroller                                                                         |
|  CPU                 | Cortex-M4                                                                                        |
|  Clock Speed         | 64MHz                                                                                            |
|  RAM                 | 64KB                                                                                             |
|  Storage             | 512KB onboard Flash                                                                              |
|  Battery             | Onboard battery connector and charger                                                            |
|  Debugger            | LPC11U35 on board SWD debugger                                                                   |
|  Wireless            | nRF51832 Bluetooth with BLE power consumption measurement                                        |
|  Connectors          | SWD debug, nRF52832 SWD, nRF52832 UART                                                           |
|  Expansion Interface | 40 Pin Low-speed expansion                                                                       |
|  Digital Output (V)  | 1.8V                                                                                             |
|  Analog Input (V)    | 0V - 1.8V                                                                                        |
|  Antenna             | Onboard chip antenna                                                                             |
|  Power Source        | USB power supply with fuse protect                                                               |
|  OS Support          | Zephyr                                                                                           |
|  Size                | 60x30mm                                                                                          |

</div>

***
