96boards.org/Projects/FlameRecognition/README.md, before:

# Flame Recognition

Using the DragonBoard™ 410c from Arrow Electronics, this project is designed to acquire images of the surrounding environment using the camera, store the
images, and use special image processing and recognition algorithms to scan and determine if there is fire in the captured images to achieve flame recognition.

The project was inspired by previous exposure to flame recognition, where a STM32F749 chip of low frequency was used and the realization effect was not very
good. This project is an effort to continue to realize this function on a high speed embedded development platform. The desired objective is to make the
recognition of small area fire achieve accuracy of 90%.

## Project Details

- **Creator:** 
- **Project Name:** 
- **Type of Project:** 
- **Project Category:** 
- **Board(s) used:** DragonBoard 410c

## Resources

### RSS URL

[View project on Qualcomm Developer Network]()
[New flame detection algorithm based on color characteristics](http://xuebao.jlu.edu.cn/gxb/CN/Y2014/V44/I6/1787)
[High precision video flame detection algorithm based on multi-characteristics infusion](http://xuebao.jlu.edu.cn/gxb/CN/abstract/abstract10105.shtml)

### Social Media Links

- 96Boards: [URL](http://www.96boards.org/) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/96boards) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/96Boards) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/6637095/)


***

Commit message:

Added some more content to Flame Recognition project
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

96boards.org/Projects/FlameRecognition/README.md, after:

# Flame Recognition

Using the DragonBoard™ 410c from Arrow Electronics, this project is designed to acquire images of the surrounding environment using the camera, store the
images, and use special image processing and recognition algorithms to scan and determine if there is fire in the captured images to achieve flame recognition.

The project was inspired by previous exposure to flame recognition, where a STM32F749 chip of low frequency was used and the realization effect was not very
good. This project is an effort to continue to realize this function on a high speed embedded development platform. The desired objective is to make the
recognition of small area fire achieve accuracy of 90%.

## Project Details

- **Creator:** Li Ning, Student of Taiyuan University of Science and Technology
- **Project Name:** Flame Recognition
- **Type of Project:** Demo
- **Project Category:** IoT, Smart Home
- **Board(s) used:** DragonBoard 410c

## Resources

### RSS URL

[View project on Qualcomm Developer Network]()
[New flame detection algorithm based on color characteristics](http://xuebao.jlu.edu.cn/gxb/CN/Y2014/V44/I6/1787)
[High precision video flame detection algorithm based on multi-characteristics infusion](http://xuebao.jlu.edu.cn/gxb/CN/abstract/abstract10105.shtml)

### Social Media Links

- 96Boards: [URL](http://www.96boards.org/) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/96boards) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/96Boards) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/6637095/)


***
