_product/ce/rb3-platform/README.md, before:

---
title: Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Platform
layout: product-display-page
shortname: rb3-platform
permalink: /product/rb3-platform/
description: |-
    The Robotics DragonBoard™ 845c development board is based on the Qualcomm® SDA845 processor. The Qualcomm SDA845 processor is a heterogeneous computing architecture and integrates an Octa Core Qualcomm® Kryo™ CPU with performance up to 2.8GHz  a Qualcomm® Adreno™ 630 Visual Processing Subsystem (including GPU, VPU and DPU), and a Qualcomm® Hexagon™ 685 DSP with Hexagon Vector Extensions (HVX) delivering sophisticated, on-device AI processing and mobile-optimized computer vision (CV) capabilities for perception, navigation and manipulation. The development board supports Linux and Robotics Operating System (ROS), while also including support for the Qualcomm® Neural Processing software development kit (SDK) for advanced on-device AI, the Qualcomm® Computer Vision Suite, the Qualcomm® Hexagon DSP SDK, and AWS RoboMaker. The development board supports new architecture for AI, 4K@60fps H.264/H.265 Encode & Decode, rich interfaces, and many I/O expansion headers. It is an ideal platform for developers to quickly start the product development work. Note: DragonBoard 845c is ONLY available in the Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Kit.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, Qualcomm, APQ8016E, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: "The Robotics DragonBoard™ 845c development board is based on the Qualcomm® SDA845 processor."
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
is_featured: true
product_images:
  - db845c-front-sd.png
  - db845c-back-sd.png
  - rb3-frame1-sd.jpg
  - rb3-frame2-sd.jpg
  - rb3-som-sd.jpg
  - rb3-acc1-sd.jpeg
  - rb3-acc2-sd.jpg
# Sub Tab Menu Items
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Platform
      tab_link: /product/rb3-platform/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/
      tab_position: 2
      tab_position: 3
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/dragonboard-845c
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_getting_started: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/getting-started/
product_documentation_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard845c/
product_support_link: "https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/dragonboard-845c"

# Buy Links
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Platform (RB3 Kit)
    link-url: "https://www.thundercomm.com/app_en/product/1544580412842651"
    from: Thundercomm
    type: board
    link-price: "$449.99"
    link-price-currency: USD

# Right Sidepanel links
product_os:
  - title: All Downloads
    link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/downloads/

product_more_info:
  - title: Hardware User Manual
    link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/hardware-docs/files/rb3-hardware-user-manual.PDF
  - title: Linux User Guide
    link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/guides/files/rb3-linux-user-guide.pdf
  - title: Engaget Article
    link: https://www.engadget.com/2019/02/25/qualcomm-robotics-rb3-platform/
  - title: Linux Gizmos Article
    link: http://linuxgizmos.com/robotics-kit-runs-linux-on-new-dragonboard-845c-96boards-sbc/

# Bottom Link
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/

product_mezzanine:
  - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
    link: /product/d3camera/
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
  - title: Audio Mezzanine
    link: /product/audio-mezzanine/

product_kits:
  - title: RB3 Robotics Kit
    link: https://www.thundercomm.com/app_en/product/1544580412842651
product: true
archived: false
---
The Robotics DragonBoard™ 845c development board is based on the Qualcomm® SDA845 processor. 

The Qualcomm SDA845 processor is a heterogeneous computing architecture and integrates an Octa Core Qualcomm® Kryo™ CPU with performance up to 2.8GHz  a Qualcomm® Adreno™ 630 Visual Processing Subsystem (including GPU, VPU and DPU), and a Qualcomm® Hexagon™ 685 DSP with Hexagon Vector Extensions (HVX) delivering sophisticated, on-device AI processing and mobile-optimized computer vision (CV) capabilities for perception, navigation and manipulation.  

The development board supports Linux and Robotics Operating System (ROS), while also including support for the Qualcomm® Neural Processing software development kit (SDK) for advanced on-device AI, the Qualcomm® Computer Vision Suite, the Qualcomm® Hexagon DSP SDK, and AWS RoboMaker.

The development board supports new architecture for AI, 4K@60fps H.264/H.265 Encode & Decode, rich interfaces, and many I/O expansion headers. It is an ideal platform for developers to quickly start the product development work. 

> Note: DragonBoard 845c is ONLY available in the Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Kit.

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description                                                                                                                                 |
|:---------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  SoC                 | Qualcomm SDA845                                                                                                                     |
|  CPU                 | Qualcomm SDA845 embedded platform, custom 64-bit ARM v8-compliant octa-core CPU Up to 2.8 GHz,10nm LPP FinFET process technology              |
|  GPU                 | Adreno™ 630 GPU <br>OpenGL™ ES 3.2 + AEP, DX next, Vulkan®2, <br>OpenCL™ 2.0 full profile, RenderScript                                       |
|  DSP                 | Hexagon™ 685 DSP                                                                                                                              |
|  RAM                 | 4GB LPDDR4x SDRAM @ 1866 MHz                                                                                                                  |
|  Storage             | 64GB UFS 2.1 on-boardstorage and1 x MicroSD card slot                                                                                         |
|  Ethernet Port       | 1x GbE Ethernet                                                                                                                               |
|  Wireless            | WLAN 802.11a/b/g/n/ac 2.4/5GHz 2×2 MIMO & Bluetooth 5.0,on-boardWLAN/BT/GPSantennas                                                           |
|  USB                 | 1 x USB 2.0 Micro B (Debug only ), <br> 1 x USB 3.0 Type C (OTGmode), <br> 2x USB 3.0 Type A (Host mode only)                                 |
|  Display             | Two 4-lane DSI, D-PHY 1.2 or C-PHY 1.0; VESA DSC 1.1<br>1 x HDMI 1.4 (Type A -full) connector                                                 |
|  Video               | 4K60 decode for H.264 High Profile, H.265 Main 10 Profile and VP9 Profile 2, <br>4K60 encode for H.264 High Profile, H.265 Main 10 Profile    |
|  Audio               | MP3; aacPlus, eAAC; WMA 9/Pro                                                                                                                 |
|  Camera              | Qualcomm Spectra™ 280 ISP, dual 14-bit ISP+one Lite ISP, 32 MP 30 fps ZSL with a dual ISP                                                     |
| Sensors              | Accelerometer + Gyro Sensor/ Proximity sensor                                                                                                 |
|  Expansion Interface | HS1:1 x 60 pin High-Speed connector (4L-MIPI DSI, USB 2.0 x2,I2C x2, 2L+4L-MIPI CSI)<br>HS2:1x 60 pin High-Speed connector (4L-MIPI CSI x 2, SSC SPI, PCIe 3.0,USB 3.0 x1, GPIO x 9)<br>LS1:1x 96boards 40 pin Low-Speed connector (UART x2, SPI, I2S, I2C x2, GPIO x12, DC power)     <br>LS2:1x 96boards 40 pin Low-Speed connector(headset, stereospeaker, DMIC I/F x3, CAN, I2S, GPIO x 7, PWM x 2, ADC x 2)<br>LS3:1x 96boards 20 pin Low-Speed connector (SSC SPI x 3, SSC I2C, sensor interrupt x 5)           |
|  LED                 | 7 LED indicators:<br>4 - user controllable<br>2 - for radios (BT and WLAN activity)<br>1 - power indicator                                    |
|  Button              | Power ,Volume Up/Down,Force Usb Boot, DipSwitch(6 PIN)                                                                                        |
|  Power Source        | 12V@2.5A adapter with a DC plug:<br>Plug specification is inner diameter 1.75mm and outer diameter 4.75mm                                     |
|  OS Support          | LE                                                                                                                                            |
|  Size                | 85mm by 54 mm meeting 96Boards™ Consumer Edition Standard form dimensions specifications                                                      |
{:.hidden_rows}
</div>

Commit message:

Added the ai_board: true value to the frontmatter of boards that will show on the 96boards.ai site

_product/ce/rb3-platform/README.md, after:

---
title: Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Platform
layout: product-display-page
shortname: rb3-platform
permalink: /product/rb3-platform/
#Set this to true and the board will be visible on 96boards.ai
ai_board: true
description: |-
    The Robotics DragonBoard™ 845c development board is based on the Qualcomm® SDA845 processor. The Qualcomm SDA845 processor is a heterogeneous computing architecture and integrates an Octa Core Qualcomm® Kryo™ CPU with performance up to 2.8GHz  a Qualcomm® Adreno™ 630 Visual Processing Subsystem (including GPU, VPU and DPU), and a Qualcomm® Hexagon™ 685 DSP with Hexagon Vector Extensions (HVX) delivering sophisticated, on-device AI processing and mobile-optimized computer vision (CV) capabilities for perception, navigation and manipulation. The development board supports Linux and Robotics Operating System (ROS), while also including support for the Qualcomm® Neural Processing software development kit (SDK) for advanced on-device AI, the Qualcomm® Computer Vision Suite, the Qualcomm® Hexagon DSP SDK, and AWS RoboMaker. The development board supports new architecture for AI, 4K@60fps H.264/H.265 Encode & Decode, rich interfaces, and many I/O expansion headers. It is an ideal platform for developers to quickly start the product development work. Note: DragonBoard 845c is ONLY available in the Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Kit.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, Qualcomm, APQ8016E, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: "The Robotics DragonBoard™ 845c development board is based on the Qualcomm® SDA845 processor."
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
is_featured: true
product_images:
  - db845c-front-sd.png
  - db845c-back-sd.png
  - rb3-frame1-sd.jpg
  - rb3-frame2-sd.jpg
  - rb3-som-sd.jpg
  - rb3-acc1-sd.jpeg
  - rb3-acc2-sd.jpg
# Sub Tab Menu Items
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Platform
      tab_link: /product/rb3-platform/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/
      tab_position: 2
      tab_position: 3
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/dragonboard-845c
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_getting_started: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/getting-started/
product_documentation_link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard845c/
product_support_link: "https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/dragonboard-845c"

# Buy Links
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Platform (RB3 Kit)
    link-url: "https://www.thundercomm.com/app_en/product/1544580412842651"
    from: Thundercomm
    type: board
    link-price: "$449.99"
    link-price-currency: USD

# Right Sidepanel links
product_os:
  - title: All Downloads
    link: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/downloads/

product_more_info:
  - title: Hardware User Manual
    link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/hardware-docs/files/rb3-hardware-user-manual.PDF
  - title: Linux User Guide
    link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/consumer/dragonboard/dragonboard845c/guides/files/rb3-linux-user-guide.pdf
  - title: Engaget Article
    link: https://www.engadget.com/2019/02/25/qualcomm-robotics-rb3-platform/
  - title: Linux Gizmos Article
    link: http://linuxgizmos.com/robotics-kit-runs-linux-on-new-dragonboard-845c-96boards-sbc/

# Bottom Link
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/

product_mezzanine:
  - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
    link: /product/d3camera/
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
  - title: Audio Mezzanine
    link: /product/audio-mezzanine/

product_kits:
  - title: RB3 Robotics Kit
    link: https://www.thundercomm.com/app_en/product/1544580412842651
product: true
archived: false
---
The Robotics DragonBoard™ 845c development board is based on the Qualcomm® SDA845 processor.

The Qualcomm SDA845 processor is a heterogeneous computing architecture and integrates an Octa Core Qualcomm® Kryo™ CPU with performance up to 2.8GHz  a Qualcomm® Adreno™ 630 Visual Processing Subsystem (including GPU, VPU and DPU), and a Qualcomm® Hexagon™ 685 DSP with Hexagon Vector Extensions (HVX) delivering sophisticated, on-device AI processing and mobile-optimized computer vision (CV) capabilities for perception, navigation and manipulation.

The development board supports Linux and Robotics Operating System (ROS), while also including support for the Qualcomm® Neural Processing software development kit (SDK) for advanced on-device AI, the Qualcomm® Computer Vision Suite, the Qualcomm® Hexagon DSP SDK, and AWS RoboMaker.

The development board supports new architecture for AI, 4K@60fps H.264/H.265 Encode & Decode, rich interfaces, and many I/O expansion headers. It is an ideal platform for developers to quickly start the product development work.

> Note: DragonBoard 845c is ONLY available in the Qualcomm® Robotics RB3 Development Kit.

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description                                                                                                                                 |
|:---------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  SoC                 | Qualcomm SDA845                                                                                                                     |
|  CPU                 | Qualcomm SDA845 embedded platform, custom 64-bit ARM v8-compliant octa-core CPU Up to 2.8 GHz,10nm LPP FinFET process technology              |
|  GPU                 | Adreno™ 630 GPU <br>OpenGL™ ES 3.2 + AEP, DX next, Vulkan®2, <br>OpenCL™ 2.0 full profile, RenderScript                                       |
|  DSP                 | Hexagon™ 685 DSP                                                                                                                              |
|  RAM                 | 4GB LPDDR4x SDRAM @ 1866 MHz                                                                                                                  |
|  Storage             | 64GB UFS 2.1 on-boardstorage and1 x MicroSD card slot                                                                                         |
|  Ethernet Port       | 1x GbE Ethernet                                                                                                                               |
|  Wireless            | WLAN 802.11a/b/g/n/ac 2.4/5GHz 2×2 MIMO & Bluetooth 5.0,on-boardWLAN/BT/GPSantennas                                                           |
|  USB                 | 1 x USB 2.0 Micro B (Debug only ), <br> 1 x USB 3.0 Type C (OTGmode), <br> 2x USB 3.0 Type A (Host mode only)                                 |
|  Display             | Two 4-lane DSI, D-PHY 1.2 or C-PHY 1.0; VESA DSC 1.1<br>1 x HDMI 1.4 (Type A -full) connector                                                 |
|  Video               | 4K60 decode for H.264 High Profile, H.265 Main 10 Profile and VP9 Profile 2, <br>4K60 encode for H.264 High Profile, H.265 Main 10 Profile    |
|  Audio               | MP3; aacPlus, eAAC; WMA 9/Pro                                                                                                                 |
|  Camera              | Qualcomm Spectra™ 280 ISP, dual 14-bit ISP+one Lite ISP, 32 MP 30 fps ZSL with a dual ISP                                                     |
| Sensors              | Accelerometer + Gyro Sensor/ Proximity sensor                                                                                                 |
|  Expansion Interface | HS1:1 x 60 pin High-Speed connector (4L-MIPI DSI, USB 2.0 x2,I2C x2, 2L+4L-MIPI CSI)<br>HS2:1x 60 pin High-Speed connector (4L-MIPI CSI x 2, SSC SPI, PCIe 3.0,USB 3.0 x1, GPIO x 9)<br>LS1:1x 96boards 40 pin Low-Speed connector (UART x2, SPI, I2S, I2C x2, GPIO x12, DC power)     <br>LS2:1x 96boards 40 pin Low-Speed connector(headset, stereospeaker, DMIC I/F x3, CAN, I2S, GPIO x 7, PWM x 2, ADC x 2)<br>LS3:1x 96boards 20 pin Low-Speed connector (SSC SPI x 3, SSC I2C, sensor interrupt x 5)           |
|  LED                 | 7 LED indicators:<br>4 - user controllable<br>2 - for radios (BT and WLAN activity)<br>1 - power indicator                                    |
|  Button              | Power ,Volume Up/Down,Force Usb Boot, DipSwitch(6 PIN)                                                                                        |
|  Power Source        | 12V@2.5A adapter with a DC plug:<br>Plug specification is inner diameter 1.75mm and outer diameter 4.75mm                                     |
|  OS Support          | LE                                                                                                                                            |
|  Size                | 85mm by 54 mm meeting 96Boards™ Consumer Edition Standard form dimensions specifications                                                      |
{:.hidden_rows}
</div>
