_product/se/tb-96ai/README.md, before:

---
title: TB-96AI
layout: product
product: true
archived: false
shortname: tb-96ai
dateAdded: 2019-06-13 09:00:00+00:00
permalink: /product/tb-96ai/
ai_board: true
description: |-
    TB-96AI is a powerful core board for artificial intelligence. Carrier Board developed by Xiamen Beiqi
    Technology Co., Ltd. can form a complete development board or evaluation board; and the board
    customized by customers according to actual needs can directly form the industry application
    motherboard, which can meet industrial automation, UAV, image detection, face recognition, edge
    computing gateway, cluster server, Intelligent Quotient display, automatic driving, medicine. Application
    needs of market segments such as health care equipment, robots and intelligent retail.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, Qualcomm, APQ8016E, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: TB-96AI is a powerful core board for artificial intelligence.
product_specification: se
product_sub_specification: module
product_images:
  - images/TB-96AI-front.jpg
  - images/TB-96AI-rear.jpg
  - images/SoM-Carrier-Board-with-Module.jpg
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: TB-96AI
      tab_link: /product/tb-96ai/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/som/tb-96ai/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/som/tb-96ai/
      tab_position: 2
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/tb-96ai
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: SeeedStudio
    link-url: https://www.seeedstudio.com/category/Development-Platforms-c-1002/single-board-computer-c-950/category/96Boards-c-31/BeiQi-RK3399Pro-AIoT-96Boards-Compute-SoM-p-4075.html
    from: SeeedStudio
    type: board
    link-price: "119.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 3G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000026756329.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.2.29226dbb6lIl9h&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=18fa6697-037a-43a0-a5e1-1fca5f7ec902
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "144.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 6G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000026756329.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.2.29226dbb6lIl9h&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=18fa6697-037a-43a0-a5e1-1fca5f7ec902
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "209.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 3G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000026756329.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.2.29226dbb6lIl9h&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=18fa6697-037a-43a0-a5e1-1fca5f7ec902
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "299.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 6G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000026756329.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.2.29226dbb6lIl9h&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=18fa6697-037a-43a0-a5e1-1fca5f7ec902
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "374.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: OS
      icon: fa-terminal
      items:
        - title: All Downloads
          link: /documentation/som/tb-96ai/downloads/
        - title: Android 8.1
          link: https://developer.android.com/about/versions/oreo/android-8.1
        - title: NPU SDK
          link: http://t.rock-chips.com/en/wiki.php?mod=view&id=85
    - title: More Info
      icon: fa-external-link-square
      items:
        - title: Hardware User Manual
          link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/som/tb-96ai/hardware-docs/files/tb-96ai-hardware-user-manual.pdf
        - title: Schematics
          link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/som/tb-96ai/hardware-docs/files/avenger96-schematics.pdf
        - title: NPU SDK
          link: http://t.rock-chips.com/en/wiki.php?mod=view&id=85
        - title: Beiqi Cloud
          link: http://www.beiqicloud.com/product_detail.html?pid=TB-96AI
vendor:
  name: BeiqiCloud
  url: http://www.beiqicloud.com/product_detail.html?pid=TB-96AI
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      Rockchip RK3399Pro
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >
      "Dual-core Cortex-A72 up to 1.8GHz
      Quad-core Cortex-A53 up to 1.4GHz
      NPU - Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs
      - Full load computing power, low load operation power consumption
      is low
      - Compatible with Caffe/Mxnet/TensorFlow model, support multi-
      class framework, support mainstream layer type, easy to add custom layer
      - Provides easy-to-use development tools, PC-based model
      conversion, performance estimation, and accuracy verification
      - Provide AI application development interface: support Android NN
      API, provide RKNN cross-platform API, Linux support TensorFlow
      development
      VPU - Support 4K VP9 and 4K 10bits H265/H264 video decoding, up to 60fps
      - 1080P multi-format video decoding (WMV, MPEG-1/2/4, VP8)
      - 1080P video encoding, support H.264, VP8 format
      - Video post processor: de-interlacing, denoising, edge/detail/color optimization"
  - name: "GPU"
    value: >
      "ARM® Mali-T860 MP4 Quad-core GPU
      - Support OpenGL ES1.1/2.0/3.0/3.1, OpenVG1.1, OpenCL, DX11
      - Support AFBC (frame buffer compression)"
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >
      "
        Optional configuration with the following two options:
        - 3GB LPDRR3(CPU 2GB + NPU 1GB);
        - 8GB LPDDR3(CPU 4GB + NPU 4GB);
      "
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      TBD
  - name: "Storage"
    value: >
      "
      Optional configuration with the following options:
      - 16GB eMMC
      - 32GB eMMC
      - 64GB eMMC
      - 128GB eMMC
      "
  - name: "Ethernet"
    value: Built-in Gigabit Ethernet PHY chip, 10/100/1000Mbps adaptive
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Type-C - USB3.0/DisplayPort 1.2,OTG
      USB3.0×1 (according to RK3399Pro design, NPU needs to be
      mounted on USB3.0, so USB3.0 needs to connect back to NPU, if
      you need to expand USB3.0 interface, you need external HUB);
      USB2.0×2, HOST;
  - name: "Display"
    value: On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Audio"
    value: >-
      "
      I2S0:
      - Support user extended use
      I2S1:
      - Speaker×1
      - Headphone×1
      - MIC×1
      I2S2:
      - HDMI interface audio output;
      - DP interface audio output;
      "
  - name: "Camera"
    value: MIPI-CSI×2,Dual camera interface (built-in dual hardware ISP, up to single 13Mpixel or dual 8Mpixel)
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      "
      - 4 Panasonic 100PIN high speed connectors, type AXK6S00437YG (PIN spacing 0.5mm)
      - SDMMC(TF Card)×1;
      - SPI×1;
      - UART×3,One of the CPU Debug UARTs, one NPU Debug UART;
      - I2C×6;
      - SDIO×1;
      - PCIe×1;
      - PWM×2;
      - GPIO,For detailed GPIO definitions, please refer to the interface definition;
      - ADC×3,One for buttons, one for headset microphone detection,
      and one for user-definable use;
      "
  - name: "LED"
    value: On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Buttons"
    value: >-
      On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Power"
    value: >
      DC 5V
  - name: "OS Support"
    values:
      - title: Android8.1;
      - title: Linux version - fedora 2.8, kernel 4.4
  - name: "Other"
    value: >
      "
      Software Support
      - Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs;
      - Full load computing power, low load operation power consumption
      is low;

      - Compatible with Caffe/Mxnet/TensorFlow model, support multi-
      class framework, support mainstream layer type, easy to add

      custom layer;
      - Provide easy-to-use development tools, PC-side model
      conversion, performance estimation, and accuracy verification;
      - Provide AI application development interface: support Android NN
      API, provide RKNN cross-platform API, Linux support TensorFlow
      development;
      "
  - name: "Dimensions"
    values:
      - title: "width"
        value: 50mm
      - title: "length"
        value: 85mm

---
TB-96AI is a powerful core board for artificial intelligence. Carrier Board developed by Xiamen Beiqi Technology Co., Ltd. can form a complete development board or evaluation board; and the board customized by customers according to actual needs can directly form the industry application motherboard, which can meet industrial automation, UAV, image detection, face recognition, edge computing gateway, cluster server, Intelligent Quotient display, automatic driving, medicine. Application needs of market segments such as health care equipment, robots and intelligent retail.

### Features

The following features are quoted from RockChip. If you have any questions, please contact BEIQICLOUD for more technical support.

- Six-core 64-bit processor, superior general-purpose computing power
- Built-in Neural Network Processor NPU, Ultra High AI Computing Power
- Powerful Multimedia Processing Performance
- Multiple video input and output interfaces
- Rich expansion interface
- High-speed on-board connector for more stability and reliability
- Ultra-high integration, ultra-small size
- Support for multiple operating systems
- Rich open materials, 96Boards community

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description |
|:---------------------|:--------------|
|  SoC                 | Rockchip RK3399Pro              |
|  CPU                 | Dual-core Cortex-A72 up to 1.8GHz & Quad-core Cortex-A53 up to 1.4GHz                                     |
|  GPU                 | ARM® Mali-T860 MP4 Quad-core GPU                                                                          |
|  NPU                 | Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs                                            |
|  VPU                 | Support 4K VP9 and 4K 10bits H265/H264 video decoding, up to 60fps                                                               |
|  RAM                 | Optional configuration with the following two options: 3GB LPDRR3(CPU 2GB + NPU 1GB) / 8GB LPDDR3(CPU 4GB + NPU 4GB)   |
|  Storage             | Optional configuration with the following options: 16GB eMMC /32GB eMMC /64GB eMMC /128GB eMMC         |
|  Ethernet Port       | Built-in Gigabit Ethernet PHY chip, 10/100/1000Mbps adaptive                                                                    |
|  USB                 | USB3.0 × 1 / USB2.0 × 2 / Type-C - USB3.0/DisplayPort 1.2, OTG                                   |
|  Display             | Embed two VOPs, support dual-screen simultaneous/dual-screen display, and can choose to output from the following display interface: MIPI-DSI×1 / eDP×1 / DP×1 / HDMI × 1 |
|  Audio               | I2S0/I2S1/I2S2                                                                                             |
|  Expansion Interface | SDMMC(TF Card)×1; / SPI×1; / UART×3,One of the CPU Debug UARTs, one NPU Debug UART; / I2C×6; / SDIO×1; / PCIe×1; / PWM×2; / GPIO,For detailed GPIO definitions, please refer to the interface definition;ADC×3,One for buttons, one for headset microphone detection and one for user-definable use;                                        |
|  Button              | Power and Reset                                                                                                        |
|  Power Source        | DC 5V                                              |
|  OS Support          | Android8.1;Linux version: fedora 2.8, kernel 4.4|
|  Size                | 50mm x 85 mm                                                                                                            |
{:.hidden_rows}
</div>

### Six-core High-performance AI Core Board

Adopts the high-performance AI processor RK3399Pro, integrated neural network processor NPU with computing power up to 3.0Tops, TB-96AI core board can be combined with the carrier board to form a complete industrial application board, which enable it to be applied flexibly on a variety of smart products.

### High-performance AI Processor RK3399Pro

Adopts big and little core processor architecture of ARM dual-core Cortex-A72 and quad-core Cortex-A53 at a high frequency as 1.8GHz, integrated Mali-T860 MP4 quad-core graphics processor with powerful general-purpose computing performance.

### AI Neural Network Processor NPU

Integrates AI neural network processor NPU, supports 8Bit/16Bit operation with computing power up to 3.0Tops to meet various visual and audio AI applications.

### Powerful Hardware Decoding Capability

Supports multiple display output interfaces of DP1.2, HDMI 2.0, MIPI-DSI, eDP, Embed two VOPs, support dual-screen simultaneous/dual-screen display, supports 4K VP9, 4K 10bits H265/H264 and 1080P multi-format (VC-1, MPEG- 1/2/4, VP8) video decoding, 1080P (H.264, VP8 format) video coding

### Support Multiple AI Framework

Compatible with multiple AI frameworks, supports TensorFlow Lite/Android NN API, AI software tools support import, mapping, and optimization of Caffe / TensorFlow models, allowing developers to use AI technology easily.

### Rich Extension Interfaces

Rich in interfaces such as I2C, SPI, UART, ADC, PWM, GPIO, PCIe, USB3.0, I2S

### Form Industrial Main Board

TB-96AI is a powerful core board for artificial intelligence. Carrier Board developed by Xiamen Beiqi Technology Co., Ltd. can form a complete development board or evaluation board; and the board customized by customers according to actual needs can directly form the industry application motherboard.

### Application

Widely used in AI applications such as Industrial automation, UAV, image detection, face recognition, edge computing gateway, cluster server, Intelligent Quotient display, automatic driving, medicine. Application needs of market segments such as health care equipment, robots and intelligent retail.

Commit message:

multiple fixes (#1290)
* multiple fixes

- explain 96 in 96boards. fixes #1285
- remove old openhours agenda
- add attributes for Akebi96. fixes #1216
- add auto edition boiler plate
- add ai pages for thor96 aiml tb96-ai tb96ai-iot
- add ai_board_desc for all ai boards
- add ae spec logos
- add ae spec in display-products.html

Signed-off-by: Sahaj Sarup <sahaj.sarup@linaro.org>

* fixed Bluetooth®

Signed-off-by: Sahaj Sarup <sahaj.sarup@linaro.org>

_product/se/tb-96ai/README.md, after:

---
title: TB-96AI
layout: product
product: true
archived: false
shortname: tb-96ai
dateAdded: 2019-06-13 09:00:00+00:00
permalink: /product/tb-96ai/
ai_board: true
ai_board_desc: >
    The TB-96AI is a low-power, high-powered core board for the AIoT field. It is equipped with a powerful neural network processing unit (NPU) and is compatible with a variety of mainstream inference models such as caffe and tensor flow.
description: |-
    TB-96AI is a powerful core board for artificial intelligence. Carrier Board developed by Xiamen Beiqi
    Technology Co., Ltd. can form a complete development board or evaluation board; and the board
    customized by customers according to actual needs can directly form the industry application
    motherboard, which can meet industrial automation, UAV, image detection, face recognition, edge
    computing gateway, cluster server, Intelligent Quotient display, automatic driving, medicine. Application
    needs of market segments such as health care equipment, robots and intelligent retail.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, Qualcomm, APQ8016E, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: TB-96AI is a powerful core board for artificial intelligence.
product_specification: se
product_sub_specification: module
product_images:
  - images/TB-96AI-front.jpg
  - images/TB-96AI-rear.jpg
  - images/SoM-Carrier-Board-with-Module.jpg
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: TB-96AI
      tab_link: /product/tb-96ai/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/som/tb-96ai/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/som/tb-96ai/
      tab_position: 2
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/tb-96ai
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: SeeedStudio
    link-url: https://www.seeedstudio.com/category/Development-Platforms-c-1002/single-board-computer-c-950/category/96Boards-c-31/BeiQi-RK3399Pro-AIoT-96Boards-Compute-SoM-p-4075.html
    from: SeeedStudio
    type: board
    link-price: "119.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 3G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000026756329.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.2.29226dbb6lIl9h&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=18fa6697-037a-43a0-a5e1-1fca5f7ec902
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "144.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 6G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000026756329.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.2.29226dbb6lIl9h&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=18fa6697-037a-43a0-a5e1-1fca5f7ec902
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "209.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 3G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000026756329.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.2.29226dbb6lIl9h&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=18fa6697-037a-43a0-a5e1-1fca5f7ec902
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "299.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: 6G DDR3+16G eMMC  Core Board + SoM Carrier Board
    link-url: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000026756329.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.1000060.2.29226dbb6lIl9h&gps-id=pcDetailBottomMoreThisSeller&scm=1007.13339.90158.0&scm_id=1007.13339.90158.0&scm-url=1007.13339.90158.0&pvid=18fa6697-037a-43a0-a5e1-1fca5f7ec902
    from: AliExpress
    type: board
    link-price: "374.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: OS
      icon: fa-terminal
      items:
        - title: All Downloads
          link: /documentation/som/tb-96ai/downloads/
        - title: Android 8.1
          link: https://developer.android.com/about/versions/oreo/android-8.1
        - title: NPU SDK
          link: http://t.rock-chips.com/en/wiki.php?mod=view&id=85
    - title: More Info
      icon: fa-external-link-square
      items:
        - title: Hardware User Manual
          link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/som/tb-96ai/hardware-docs/files/tb-96ai-hardware-user-manual.pdf
        - title: Schematics
          link: https://github.com/96boards/documentation/blob/master/som/tb-96ai/hardware-docs/files/avenger96-schematics.pdf
        - title: NPU SDK
          link: http://t.rock-chips.com/en/wiki.php?mod=view&id=85
        - title: Beiqi Cloud
          link: http://www.beiqicloud.com/product_detail.html?pid=TB-96AI
vendor:
  name: BeiqiCloud
  url: http://www.beiqicloud.com/product_detail.html?pid=TB-96AI
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      Rockchip RK3399Pro
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >
      "Dual-core Cortex-A72 up to 1.8GHz
      Quad-core Cortex-A53 up to 1.4GHz
      NPU - Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs
      - Full load computing power, low load operation power consumption
      is low
      - Compatible with Caffe/Mxnet/TensorFlow model, support multi-
      class framework, support mainstream layer type, easy to add custom layer
      - Provides easy-to-use development tools, PC-based model
      conversion, performance estimation, and accuracy verification
      - Provide AI application development interface: support Android NN
      API, provide RKNN cross-platform API, Linux support TensorFlow
      development
      VPU - Support 4K VP9 and 4K 10bits H265/H264 video decoding, up to 60fps
      - 1080P multi-format video decoding (WMV, MPEG-1/2/4, VP8)
      - 1080P video encoding, support H.264, VP8 format
      - Video post processor: de-interlacing, denoising, edge/detail/color optimization"
  - name: "GPU"
    value: >
      "ARM® Mali-T860 MP4 Quad-core GPU
      - Support OpenGL ES1.1/2.0/3.0/3.1, OpenVG1.1, OpenCL, DX11
      - Support AFBC (frame buffer compression)"
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >
      "
        Optional configuration with the following two options:
        - 3GB LPDRR3(CPU 2GB + NPU 1GB);
        - 8GB LPDDR3(CPU 4GB + NPU 4GB);
      "
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      TBD
  - name: "Storage"
    value: >
      "
      Optional configuration with the following options:
      - 16GB eMMC
      - 32GB eMMC
      - 64GB eMMC
      - 128GB eMMC
      "
  - name: "Ethernet"
    value: Built-in Gigabit Ethernet PHY chip, 10/100/1000Mbps adaptive
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Type-C - USB3.0/DisplayPort 1.2,OTG
      USB3.0×1 (according to RK3399Pro design, NPU needs to be
      mounted on USB3.0, so USB3.0 needs to connect back to NPU, if
      you need to expand USB3.0 interface, you need external HUB);
      USB2.0×2, HOST;
  - name: "Display"
    value: On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Audio"
    value: >-
      "
      I2S0:
      - Support user extended use
      I2S1:
      - Speaker×1
      - Headphone×1
      - MIC×1
      I2S2:
      - HDMI interface audio output;
      - DP interface audio output;
      "
  - name: "Camera"
    value: MIPI-CSI×2,Dual camera interface (built-in dual hardware ISP, up to single 13Mpixel or dual 8Mpixel)
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      "
      - 4 Panasonic 100PIN high speed connectors, type AXK6S00437YG (PIN spacing 0.5mm)
      - SDMMC(TF Card)×1;
      - SPI×1;
      - UART×3,One of the CPU Debug UARTs, one NPU Debug UART;
      - I2C×6;
      - SDIO×1;
      - PCIe×1;
      - PWM×2;
      - GPIO,For detailed GPIO definitions, please refer to the interface definition;
      - ADC×3,One for buttons, one for headset microphone detection,
      and one for user-definable use;
      "
  - name: "LED"
    value: On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Buttons"
    value: >-
      On SoM Carrier Board
  - name: "Power"
    value: >
      DC 5V
  - name: "OS Support"
    values:
      - title: Android8.1;
      - title: Linux version - fedora 2.8, kernel 4.4
  - name: "Other"
    value: >
      "
      Software Support
      - Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs;
      - Full load computing power, low load operation power consumption
      is low;

      - Compatible with Caffe/Mxnet/TensorFlow model, support multi-
      class framework, support mainstream layer type, easy to add

      custom layer;
      - Provide easy-to-use development tools, PC-side model
      conversion, performance estimation, and accuracy verification;
      - Provide AI application development interface: support Android NN
      API, provide RKNN cross-platform API, Linux support TensorFlow
      development;
      "
  - name: "Dimensions"
    values:
      - title: "width"
        value: 50mm
      - title: "length"
        value: 85mm

---
TB-96AI is a powerful core board for artificial intelligence. Carrier Board developed by Xiamen Beiqi Technology Co., Ltd. can form a complete development board or evaluation board; and the board customized by customers according to actual needs can directly form the industry application motherboard, which can meet industrial automation, UAV, image detection, face recognition, edge computing gateway, cluster server, Intelligent Quotient display, automatic driving, medicine. Application needs of market segments such as health care equipment, robots and intelligent retail.

### Features

The following features are quoted from RockChip. If you have any questions, please contact BEIQICLOUD for more technical support.

- Six-core 64-bit processor, superior general-purpose computing power
- Built-in Neural Network Processor NPU, Ultra High AI Computing Power
- Powerful Multimedia Processing Performance
- Multiple video input and output interfaces
- Rich expansion interface
- High-speed on-board connector for more stability and reliability
- Ultra-high integration, ultra-small size
- Support for multiple operating systems
- Rich open materials, 96Boards community

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description |
|:---------------------|:--------------|
|  SoC                 | Rockchip RK3399Pro              |
|  CPU                 | Dual-core Cortex-A72 up to 1.8GHz & Quad-core Cortex-A53 up to 1.4GHz                                     |
|  GPU                 | ARM® Mali-T860 MP4 Quad-core GPU                                                                          |
|  NPU                 | Support 8bit/16bit computing, AI computing power up to 3.0TOPs                                            |
|  VPU                 | Support 4K VP9 and 4K 10bits H265/H264 video decoding, up to 60fps                                                               |
|  RAM                 | Optional configuration with the following two options: 3GB LPDRR3(CPU 2GB + NPU 1GB) / 8GB LPDDR3(CPU 4GB + NPU 4GB)   |
|  Storage             | Optional configuration with the following options: 16GB eMMC /32GB eMMC /64GB eMMC /128GB eMMC         |
|  Ethernet Port       | Built-in Gigabit Ethernet PHY chip, 10/100/1000Mbps adaptive                                                                    |
|  USB                 | USB3.0 × 1 / USB2.0 × 2 / Type-C - USB3.0/DisplayPort 1.2, OTG                                   |
|  Display             | Embed two VOPs, support dual-screen simultaneous/dual-screen display, and can choose to output from the following display interface: MIPI-DSI×1 / eDP×1 / DP×1 / HDMI × 1 |
|  Audio               | I2S0/I2S1/I2S2                                                                                             |
|  Expansion Interface | SDMMC(TF Card)×1; / SPI×1; / UART×3,One of the CPU Debug UARTs, one NPU Debug UART; / I2C×6; / SDIO×1; / PCIe×1; / PWM×2; / GPIO,For detailed GPIO definitions, please refer to the interface definition;ADC×3,One for buttons, one for headset microphone detection and one for user-definable use;                                        |
|  Button              | Power and Reset                                                                                                        |
|  Power Source        | DC 5V                                              |
|  OS Support          | Android8.1;Linux version: fedora 2.8, kernel 4.4|
|  Size                | 50mm x 85 mm                                                                                                            |
{:.hidden_rows}
</div>

### Six-core High-performance AI Core Board

Adopts the high-performance AI processor RK3399Pro, integrated neural network processor NPU with computing power up to 3.0Tops, TB-96AI core board can be combined with the carrier board to form a complete industrial application board, which enable it to be applied flexibly on a variety of smart products.

### High-performance AI Processor RK3399Pro

Adopts big and little core processor architecture of ARM dual-core Cortex-A72 and quad-core Cortex-A53 at a high frequency as 1.8GHz, integrated Mali-T860 MP4 quad-core graphics processor with powerful general-purpose computing performance.

### AI Neural Network Processor NPU

Integrates AI neural network processor NPU, supports 8Bit/16Bit operation with computing power up to 3.0Tops to meet various visual and audio AI applications.

### Powerful Hardware Decoding Capability

Supports multiple display output interfaces of DP1.2, HDMI 2.0, MIPI-DSI, eDP, Embed two VOPs, support dual-screen simultaneous/dual-screen display, supports 4K VP9, 4K 10bits H265/H264 and 1080P multi-format (VC-1, MPEG- 1/2/4, VP8) video decoding, 1080P (H.264, VP8 format) video coding

### Support Multiple AI Framework

Compatible with multiple AI frameworks, supports TensorFlow Lite/Android NN API, AI software tools support import, mapping, and optimization of Caffe / TensorFlow models, allowing developers to use AI technology easily.

### Rich Extension Interfaces

Rich in interfaces such as I2C, SPI, UART, ADC, PWM, GPIO, PCIe, USB3.0, I2S

### Form Industrial Main Board

TB-96AI is a powerful core board for artificial intelligence. Carrier Board developed by Xiamen Beiqi Technology Co., Ltd. can form a complete development board or evaluation board; and the board customized by customers according to actual needs can directly form the industry application motherboard.

### Application

Widely used in AI applications such as Industrial automation, UAV, image detection, face recognition, edge computing gateway, cluster server, Intelligent Quotient display, automatic driving, medicine. Application needs of market segments such as health care equipment, robots and intelligent retail.
