openhours/README.md, before:

---
title: OpenHours
description: |-
    96Boards OpenHours – Sponsored by Linaro welcomes you every week at 4:00pm UTC to participate in the ultimate community driven experience.
    Bring your coffee and questions, demos and feedback, together we can make a difference for everyone!
permalink: "/openhours/"
layout: container-breadcrumb-tabs
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
---

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">
<br>
<h3>Weekly Show</h3>
<iframe width="350" height="120" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2050235" frameborder="0"></iframe><br />
<a href="https://zoom.us/j/544757552" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">Click Here to Join Zoom Webinar</a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/96Boards/" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">Visit YouTube</a>
<a href="https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=bHE4dmJpMjlrMW5uNWRpMnI4MWRzZ2s4MWdfMjAxOTAxMTBUMTYwMDAwWiByb2JlcnQud29sZmZAbGluYXJvLm9yZw&tmsrc=robert.wolff%40linaro.org">Add to you Calendar</a>

**OpenHours**

With so many things going on every year, it can get difficult to filter out the noise and find the "gems", the events and buzzworthy news that get you excited, and make you proud to be a part of this vibrant ecosystem. Well, we found a good one and want to share! 

In the latter half of last year, Hackster.io and Arm hosted the Arm Robotics Challenge, and 96Boards took a lot of interested in this event! 

The challenge ([which can be found here](https://www.hackster.io/contests/arm2018)) ran from June to November, welcomed participants from around the world, and offered each person a variety of developer options, along with the opportunity to win tons of hardware (to be used in the challenge). Among this hardware was the Raspberry Pi, DonkeyCars, and the (wait for it...) Ultra96 Xilinx FPGA 96Boards by Avnet! Of course, developers were not limited to free hardware offereings set forth by the organizers, participants could basically use anything with Arm on it.

Fast-forward to today, and of course the contest turned out many amazing projects and several winners! Considering the substantial amount of participants and submissions, and the great work done by every individual, we thought this would be the perfect opportunity to showcase as much of this as possible during a special OpenHours community showcase.

**This week**, we will be joined by several of the Arm Robotics Challenge winners! Each featured guest will have time to talk about their project and the contest, share a little about their developer experience, and possibly even demo their finished prototype (time permitting).

We have already received confirmation from several winning teams:

- Project Kong: A Special Robert for Special Needs
   - [Visit Project Page](https://www.hackster.io/schoonology/project-kong-a-special-rover-for-special-needs-271a7e)
   - [Visit Social](https://twitter.com/schoonology https://github.com/schoonology/)
- Stereo Vision and LiDAR Powered Donkey Car
   - [Visit Project Page](https://www.hackster.io/bluetiger9/stereo-vision-and-lidar-powered-donkey-car-575769)
- Poopityscoop: LitterBug
   - [Visit Website](http://litterbug.life)
   - [Vist Project](https://www.hackster.io/poopityscoop/litterbug-autonomous-trash-rover-765498)
   - [Visit Social](https://twitter.com/smellslikeml)
- Autonomous Delivery System
   - [Visit Project](https://www.hackster.io/abdullahsadiq/autonomous-delivery-system-4c2048)
- Teamato: Farmaid Plant Disease Detection Robot
   - [Visit Project Page](https://www.hackster.io/teamato/farmaid-plant-disease-detection-robot-55eeb1)
   - [Watch Video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=12BvNxfrQ7k)
   - [Visit Social #1](https://twitter.com/DAVGtech), [Visit Social #2](https://twitter.com/ArifSohaib1)

Sooooooo... Brew a nice cup or coffee or tea, and join us at the end of the countdown! We will see you on Zoom or YouTube.

The show is also broadcasted live on the 96Boards [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/96Boards/live) channel.

We also take questions through our [OpenHours IRC channels](https://webchat.freenode.net/): **#OpenHours & #96boards**

[OpenHours spent the entire month of May talking all about Women in STEM!](https://www.96boards.org/go/wistem-2018/) Each week, we had interviews from women in fields spanning multiple disciplines. From computer science and engineering, to chemestry, materials and more... Each featured guest joined us to tell their story filled with challenges and triumphs while also taking questions from our OpenHours hosts and the community.

### What is 96Boards OpenHours?

**96Boards OpenHours – Sponsored by Linaro** welcomes you every week at 4:00pm UTC to participate in the ultimate community driven experience. Bring your coffee and questions, demos and feedback, together we can make a difference for everyone!

We’ll begin these sessions with introductions and announcements, presentation or tutorial and then be open to answer any questions regarding 96Boards products, the specifications, troubleshooting etc.. We don’t promise to answer all the questions immediately and may need to defer answers to a later session, but we’ll try our best to answer during the call.

These sessions will be held on BlueJeans and recorded so they can be made available after the session. There is a limit to a 100 participants so it will be first come first served initially!

We look forward to talking with you.

The 96Boards Team

### New Board Launch Event

[View on YouTube](https://youtu.be/-6AVlw4VwRQ)

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-6AVlw4VwRQ" %}

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="openhours-panel" markdown="1" id="openhours-panel">

### When

Every Thursday at 4pm UTC

### How to Join on Zoom

1) Wait for the countdown to almost end<br>
2) Waiting room will open ~30 minutes before end of countdown<br>
3) Join from a PC, Mac, iPad, iPhone or Android device!<br>

**To join the Meeting with from PC:**

[https://zoom.us/j/544757552](https://zoom.us/j/544757552)

**To join via phone :**

1) US: +1 646 558 8656 or +1 720 707 2699 or +1 877 853 5247 (Toll Free) or +1 888 788 0099 (Toll Free)<br>
2) Webinar ID: 544 757 552 <br>
3) International numbers available: https://zoom.us/u/aAw7FDxid <br>

### How to Join on YouTube (view only)

1) Wait for the countdown to almost end<br>
2) Go to [YouTube Livestream](https://www.youtube.com/c/96Boards/live)!<br>

* * *

### Follow Us!

**96Boards**
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/96Boards) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/96Boards) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/96boards)

**Robert Wolff (Host):**
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/sdrobertw) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sdrobertw)

**Watch Live on YouTube**

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/live_stream?channel=UCjawhk_W1QnJs3pKIsKLJNg" %}

**Previous OpenHours Video**

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

* * *

{% include image.html alt="OpenHours" name="OpenHours.png" %}


</div>
</div>

Commit message:

openhours update: Episode with Adam Taylor
Signed-off-by: Sahaj Sarup <sahaj.sarup@linaro.org>

openhours/README.md, after:

---
title: OpenHours
description: |-
    96Boards OpenHours – Sponsored by Linaro welcomes you every week at 4:00pm UTC to participate in the ultimate community driven experience.
    Bring your coffee and questions, demos and feedback, together we can make a difference for everyone!
permalink: "/openhours/"
layout: container-breadcrumb-tabs
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
---

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">
<br>
<h3>Weekly Show</h3>
<iframe width="350" height="120" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2050235" frameborder="0"></iframe><br />
<a href="https://zoom.us/j/544757552" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">Click Here to Join Zoom Webinar</a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/96Boards/" class="btn blog-read-more-btn center-block">Visit YouTube</a>
<a href="https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=bHE4dmJpMjlrMW5uNWRpMnI4MWRzZ2s4MWdfMjAxOTAxMTBUMTYwMDAwWiByb2JlcnQud29sZmZAbGluYXJvLm9yZw&tmsrc=robert.wolff%40linaro.org">Add to you Calendar</a>

**Talking FPGAs on OpenHours with Adam Taylor**

Adam Taylor is a Chartered Engineer and Fellow of the Institute of Engineering and Technology. And better known for the very popular MicroZed Chronicles based on using the Xilinx Zynq SoC.

Throughout his career he has implemented a wide variety of solutions from RADAR to Safety Critical Control Systems, with interesting stops in Image Processing and Cryptography along the way.

Over the years he written for a number of publications and presented at a number of conferences including EE Times, Programmable Planet, Xilinx Xcell Journal and Xilinx Xcell Daily Blog. His website, [ADIUVO Engineering](http://adiuvoengineering.com/) collates them all into a single archive.

So bring all your FPGA related queries and join us for an exciting episode of OpenHours with Adam Taylor.

We also take questions through our [OpenHours IRC channels](https://webchat.freenode.net/): **#OpenHours & #96boards**

[OpenHours spent the entire month of May talking all about Women in STEM!](https://www.96boards.org/go/wistem-2018/) Each week, we had interviews from women in fields spanning multiple disciplines. From computer science and engineering, to chemestry, materials and more... Each featured guest joined us to tell their story filled with challenges and triumphs while also taking questions from our OpenHours hosts and the community.

### What is 96Boards OpenHours?

**96Boards OpenHours – Sponsored by Linaro** welcomes you every week at 4:00pm UTC to participate in the ultimate community driven experience. Bring your coffee and questions, demos and feedback, together we can make a difference for everyone!

We’ll begin these sessions with introductions and announcements, presentation or tutorial and then be open to answer any questions regarding 96Boards products, the specifications, troubleshooting etc.. We don’t promise to answer all the questions immediately and may need to defer answers to a later session, but we’ll try our best to answer during the call.

These sessions will be held on BlueJeans and recorded so they can be made available after the session. There is a limit to a 100 participants so it will be first come first served initially!

We look forward to talking with you.

The 96Boards Team

### New Board Launch Event

[View on YouTube](https://youtu.be/-6AVlw4VwRQ)

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-6AVlw4VwRQ" %}

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="openhours-panel" markdown="1" id="openhours-panel">

### When

Every Thursday at 4pm UTC

### How to Join on Zoom

1) Wait for the countdown to almost end<br>
2) Waiting room will open ~30 minutes before end of countdown<br>
3) Join from a PC, Mac, iPad, iPhone or Android device!<br>

**To join the Meeting with from PC:**

[https://zoom.us/j/544757552](https://zoom.us/j/544757552)

**To join via phone :**

1) US: +1 646 558 8656 or +1 720 707 2699 or +1 877 853 5247 (Toll Free) or +1 888 788 0099 (Toll Free)<br>
2) Webinar ID: 544 757 552 <br>
3) International numbers available: https://zoom.us/u/aAw7FDxid <br>

### How to Join on YouTube (view only)

1) Wait for the countdown to almost end<br>
2) Go to [YouTube Livestream](https://www.youtube.com/c/96Boards/live)!<br>

* * *

### Follow Us!

**96Boards**
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/96Boards) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/96Boards) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/96boards)

**Robert Wolff (Host):**
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/sdrobertw) | [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sdrobertw)

**Watch Live on YouTube**

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/live_stream?channel=UCjawhk_W1QnJs3pKIsKLJNg" %}

**Previous OpenHours Video**

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

* * *

{% include image.html alt="OpenHours" name="OpenHours.png" %}


</div>
</div>
