96boards.org/Products/Mezzanine/LinkSprite/README.md, before:

# Title



## Buy Now



***

## Additional Information

|   Component                                       |   Description                                                                                    |
|:--------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |
|                                                   |                                                                                                  |        


***

Commit message:

Added LinkSprite Kit
Added description, items included in kit and links.

Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

96boards.org/Products/Mezzanine/LinkSprite/README.md, after:

# Arrow LinkSprite Mezzanine Kit

96Boards starter kit with Linker mezzanine card and loft modules. All the Linker kit modules can be plugged onto 96Boards through this card. This starter kit is a great way to get started with 96Boards, and it contains the components you need to make
eight fun projects following step-by-step tutorials. Starting from the basics of electronics modules, to more complex projects, the kit will help you control the physical world with sensor and actuators and help you ramp up your progamming using
96Boards.

The Linker mezzanine card has eight connectors supporting Analog, UART, I2C and GPIO, and two channels of analog input using the MCP3004 ADC chip. There are bidirectional voltage-level translators which allows for low-voltage bidirectional translation
between any of the 1.2-V,1.5-V, 1.8-V, 2.5-V, 3.3-V, and 5-V voltage nodes. So it is compatible with 3.3V or 5V modules and makes connecting peripherals easy. You just plug a jumper onto JP9 to select which input voltage you need.

## Buy Now

- [Arrow Electronics](https://www.arrow.com/en/products/96boards-starter-kit/linksprite-technologies-inc)

***

## Kit Includes

- [1 × Linker Mezzanine card for 96board [105101022]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=Linker_Mezzanine_card_for_96board)
- [1 × Button Module [118101002]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=Button_Module)
- [1 × 5mm Red LED Module [118101001-5]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=5mm_Red_LED_Module)
- [1 × LDR Module [118101003]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=LDR_Module)
- [1 × Thermal Module [118101005]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=Thermal_Module)
- [1 × Linear/Slide Potentiometer Module [118101006]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=Linear/Slide_Potentiometer_Module)
- [1 × Tilt Module [118101004]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=Tilt_Module)
- [1 × Touch Sensor Module [118101007]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=Touch_Sensor_Module)
- [1 × Relay Module [118101008]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=Relay_Module)
- [8 × 20cm Cables [118201001]](http://linksprite.com/wiki/index.php5?title=20cm_Cables)
- 1 × Plastic case

***
