_product/ce/thor96/README.md, before:

---
title: Thor96
layout: product
permalink: /product/thor96/
product: true
dateAdded: 2020-01-12 09:00:00+00:00
archived: false
shortname: thor96
ai_board: true
description: |-
    The Thor96 Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8M SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A53, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and a wide range of I/O. The iMX 8M SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A53 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 60 fps. These features alone make the Thor96 board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics, local AI systems, monitoring and drones.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, imx8, AI, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: "The Thor96 Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8M SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A53, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and a wide range of I/O."
product_specification: ce
product_images:
  - images/thor96-sd-front.jpg
  - images/thor96-sd-back.jpg
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Thor96
      tab_link: /product/thor96/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/thor96/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/thor96/
      tab_position: 2
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Thor96
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/i.imx8-thor96/arrow-development-tools"
    from: Arrow Electronics
    type: board
    link-price: "$368.25"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: OS
      icon: fa-terminal
      items:
        - title: All Downloads
          link: /documentation/consumer/thor96/downloads/
    - title: More Info
      items:
        - title: Hardware User Manual
          link: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/thor96/hardware-docs/files/thor96-hw-user-manual.pdf
        - title: Schematics
          link: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/thor96/hardware-docs/files/thor96-schematics.pdf
product_bottom_section:
    - title: Accessories
      url: /products/accessories/
      items:
        - title: Power
          link: /product/power/
        - title: Adapter
          link: /product/adapter/
        - title: Debug
          link: /product/debug/
        - title: Misc
          link: /product/misc/
    - title: Mezzanine
      url: /products/mezzanine/
      items:
        - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
          link: /product/d3camera/
        - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
          link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
        - title: UART Serial
          link: /product/uartserial/
        - title: Sensors Mezzanine
          link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
        - title: Audio Mezzanine
          link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      e NXP i.MX 8M
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >-
      Arm Cortex-A53 Quad-Core 64-bit @ 1.5 GHz Cortex-M4F Core @ 266MHze
  - name: "GPU"
    value: >-
      1x 3D GPU Vivante® GC7000Lite
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >-
      1 2-GB LPDDR4 @ 1,600 MHz Industrial Temp by Micron
  - name: "Storage"
    value: >-
      microSD Socket: UHS-1 v3.01
  - name: "Ethernet"
    value: 10/100/1000 Mbit/s
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      Cypress’ industry-leading 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Dual-Mode Bluetooth wireless connectivity
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Host: 2x USB Type-A 3.0 <br> OTG: 1x type micro-AB, 2.0 high-speed
  - name: "Display"
    value: >-
      HDMI Output and DSI to HDMI
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      96Boards Compliant: <br> 40-Pin Low Speed Header <br> 60-Pin High Speed Header
  - name: "LED"
    value: >-
      4x green user controlled LEDs <br> 1x blue Bluetooth enabled <br> 1x yellow WiFi enabled <br> 1x red power supply okay
  - name: "Buttons"
    value: >-
      Power and Reset
  - name: "Power"
    value: >-
      DC Power Jack: 1.65mm Center Positive <br> 8v - 18v upto 24W
  - name: "Dimensions"
    values:
      - title: "width"
        value: 85mm
      - title: "length"
        value: 100mm
---

The Thor96 Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8M SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A53, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, _Bluetooth_ ® wireless technology and a wide range of I/O. The iMX 8M SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A53 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 60 fps. These features alone make the Thor96 board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics, local AI systems, monitoring and drones.

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description |
|:---------------------|:--------------|
|  SoC                 | e NXP i.MX 8M |
|  CPU                 | Arm Cortex-A53 Quad-Core 64-bit @ 1.5 GHz <br> Cortex-M4F Core @ 266MHz |
|  GPU                 | 1x 3D GPU Vivante® GC7000Lite |
|  RAM                 | 1 2-GB LPDDR4 @ 1,600 MHz Industrial Temp by Micron |
|  Storage             | microSD Socket: UHS-1 v3.01 |
|  Ethernet Port       | 10/100/1000 Mbit/s |
|  Wireless            | Cypress’ industry-leading 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Dual-Mode Bluetooth wireless connectivity |
|  USB                 | Host: 2x USB Type-A 3.0 <br> OTG: 1x type micro-AB, 2.0 high-speed |
|  Display             | HDMI Output and DSI to HDMI |
|  Expansion Interface | 96Boards Compliant: <br> 40-Pin Low Speed Header <br> 60-Pin High Speed Header                                         |
|  LED                 | 4x green user controlled LEDs <br> 1x blue Bluetooth enabled <br> 1x yellow WiFi enabled <br> 1x red power supply okay |
|  Button              | Power and Reset                                                                                                        |
|  Power Source        | DC Power Jack: 1.65mm Center Positive <br> 8v - 18v upto 24W                                                           |
|  Size                | 100 x 85 mm                                                                                                            |
{:.hidden_rows}

</div>

Commit message:

multiple fixes
- explain 96 in 96boards. fixes #1285
- remove old openhours agenda
- add attributes for Akebi96. fixes #1216
- add auto edition boiler plate
- add ai pages for thor96 aiml tb96-ai tb96ai-iot
- add ai_board_desc for all ai boards
- add ae spec logos
- add ae spec in display-products.html

Signed-off-by: Sahaj Sarup <sahaj.sarup@linaro.org>

_product/ce/thor96/README.md, after:

---
title: Thor96
layout: product
permalink: /product/thor96/
product: true
dateAdded: 2020-01-12 09:00:00+00:00
archived: false
shortname: thor96
ai_board: true
ai_board_desc: >
    The Thor96 Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8M SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A53, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth ® wireless technology and a wide range of I/O. The iMX 8M SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A53 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 60 fps.
description: |-
    The Thor96 Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8M SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A53, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and a wide range of I/O. The iMX 8M SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A53 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 60 fps. These features alone make the Thor96 board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics, local AI systems, monitoring and drones.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, imx8, AI, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
display_product: true
product_short_desc: "The Thor96 Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8M SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A53, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and a wide range of I/O."
product_specification: ce
product_images:
  - images/thor96-sd-front.jpg
  - images/thor96-sd-back.jpg
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Thor96
      tab_link: /product/thor96/
      active: true
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/thor96/getting-started/
      tab_position: 1
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/thor96/
      tab_position: 2
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/
      tab_position: 4
      tab_align_right: true
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Thor96
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/i.imx8-thor96/arrow-development-tools"
    from: Arrow Electronics
    type: board
    link-price: "$368.25"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_sidebar_sections:
    - title: OS
      icon: fa-terminal
      items:
        - title: All Downloads
          link: /documentation/consumer/thor96/downloads/
    - title: More Info
      items:
        - title: Hardware User Manual
          link: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/thor96/hardware-docs/files/thor96-hw-user-manual.pdf
        - title: Schematics
          link: https://www.96boards.org/documentation/consumer/thor96/hardware-docs/files/thor96-schematics.pdf
product_bottom_section:
    - title: Accessories
      url: /products/accessories/
      items:
        - title: Power
          link: /product/power/
        - title: Adapter
          link: /product/adapter/
        - title: Debug
          link: /product/debug/
        - title: Misc
          link: /product/misc/
    - title: Mezzanine
      url: /products/mezzanine/
      items:
        - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
          link: /product/d3camera/
        - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
          link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
        - title: UART Serial
          link: /product/uartserial/
        - title: Sensors Mezzanine
          link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
        - title: Audio Mezzanine
          link: /product/audio-mezzanine/
attributes:
  - name: "SoC"
    value: >-
      e NXP i.MX 8M
  - name: "CPU"
    value: >-
      Arm Cortex-A53 Quad-Core 64-bit @ 1.5 GHz Cortex-M4F Core @ 266MHze
  - name: "GPU"
    value: >-
      1x 3D GPU Vivante® GC7000Lite
  - name: "RAM"
    value: >-
      1 2-GB LPDDR4 @ 1,600 MHz Industrial Temp by Micron
  - name: "Storage"
    value: >-
      microSD Socket: UHS-1 v3.01
  - name: "Ethernet"
    value: 10/100/1000 Mbit/s
  - name: "Wireless"
    value: >-
      Cypress’ industry-leading 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Dual-Mode Bluetooth wireless connectivity
  - name: "USB"
    value: >-
      Host: 2x USB Type-A 3.0 <br> OTG: 1x type micro-AB, 2.0 high-speed
  - name: "Display"
    value: >-
      HDMI Output and DSI to HDMI
  - name: "Expansion Interface"
    value: >-
      96Boards Compliant: <br> 40-Pin Low Speed Header <br> 60-Pin High Speed Header
  - name: "LED"
    value: >-
      4x green user controlled LEDs <br> 1x blue Bluetooth enabled <br> 1x yellow WiFi enabled <br> 1x red power supply okay
  - name: "Buttons"
    value: >-
      Power and Reset
  - name: "Power"
    value: >-
      DC Power Jack: 1.65mm Center Positive <br> 8v - 18v upto 24W
  - name: "Dimensions"
    values:
      - title: "width"
        value: 85mm
      - title: "length"
        value: 100mm
---

The Thor96 Board is a single-board computer powered by the NXP i.MX 8M SoC, incorporating a quad-core 64-bit Arm-A53, dedicated GPU and VPU, 4K support, Wi-Fi, _Bluetooth_ ® wireless technology and a wide range of I/O. The iMX 8M SoC is a feature-rich system containing a quad-core, 64-bit Arm A53 processor, Vulkan GPU with four shader cores and VPU capable of decoding 4K video at 60 fps. These features alone make the Thor96 board highly capable in a wide range of applications involving video and high processor requirements, including robotics, local AI systems, monitoring and drones.

***

## Additional Information
<div style="overflow-x:scroll;" markdown="1">

|   Component          |   Description |
|:---------------------|:--------------|
|  SoC                 | e NXP i.MX 8M |
|  CPU                 | Arm Cortex-A53 Quad-Core 64-bit @ 1.5 GHz <br> Cortex-M4F Core @ 266MHz |
|  GPU                 | 1x 3D GPU Vivante® GC7000Lite |
|  RAM                 | 1 2-GB LPDDR4 @ 1,600 MHz Industrial Temp by Micron |
|  Storage             | microSD Socket: UHS-1 v3.01 |
|  Ethernet Port       | 10/100/1000 Mbit/s |
|  Wireless            | Cypress’ industry-leading 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Dual-Mode Bluetooth wireless connectivity |
|  USB                 | Host: 2x USB Type-A 3.0 <br> OTG: 1x type micro-AB, 2.0 high-speed |
|  Display             | HDMI Output and DSI to HDMI |
|  Expansion Interface | 96Boards Compliant: <br> 40-Pin Low Speed Header <br> 60-Pin High Speed Header                                         |
|  LED                 | 4x green user controlled LEDs <br> 1x blue Bluetooth enabled <br> 1x yellow WiFi enabled <br> 1x red power supply okay |
|  Button              | Power and Reset                                                                                                        |
|  Power Source        | DC Power Jack: 1.65mm Center Positive <br> 8v - 18v upto 24W                                                           |
|  Size                | 100 x 85 mm                                                                                                            |
{:.hidden_rows}

</div>
