go/2018-ultra96-contest/README.md, before:

---
title: Ultra96 Contest - 2018
description: |-
    Ultra96 Contest by Xilinx, Avnets and Hackster.io
permalink: /go/2018-ultra96-contest/
layout: container-breadcrumb
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
---

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

## Ultra96 Contest - 2018

Xilinx and Avnet have teamed up to make the amazing [Ultra96](https://www.96boards.org/product/ultra96/)! Of course, since this is a 96Boards Consumer Edition board, it only makes sense for our team to be involved. 

***

## The Kit

- [Ultra96](https://www.96boards.org/product/ultra96/)
   - By Avnet, featuring the Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC
- [Optional Mezzanine Add on](https://www.96boards.org/products/mezzanine/)

***

## Webinar Series

- Introduction to Linaro/96Boards, Xilinx, Avnet and the Ultra96 Contest
   - Date: TBD
   - Presenter(s): TBD
   - [Add to your Calendar]()
- Introduction to the Ultra96 by Avnet
   - Date: TBD
   - Presenter(s): TBD
   - [Add to your Calendar]()
- Ultra96 Deep Dive
   - Date: TBD
   - Presenter(s): TBD
   - [Add to your Calendar]()
- SDSoC - Introduction and Deep dive
   - Date: TBD
   - Presenter(s): TBD
   - [Add to your Calendar]()

***

## Resources

- Ultra96 Landing page
   - [96Boards Landing Page](https://www.96boards.org/product/ultra96/)
   - [Documentation](https://github.com/96boards/documentation)
- Projects
   - Coming soon...
- Workshop
   - Coming soon...
- 96Boards OpenHours
   - [Website](https://www.96boards.org/openhours/)
   - [Previous Episodes](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk)

***

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="openhours-panel" markdown="1" id="openhours-panel">

## Online Office Hours

<iframe width="350" height="180" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2217783" frameborder="0"></iframe>

1) Install BlueJeans video conferencing software on your desktop or mobile device
   - [Desktop download](https://www.bluejeans.com/downloads)
   - [Mobile download](https://www.bluejeans.com/downloads#mobile-tablet)
2) Launch BlueJeans applications
3) Use the following ID to join the weekly call
   - ID: 943216362

NOTE - You can also join via web browser with the following link: https://bluejeans.com/943216362

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W0V7iIE5UTj12IvvpAfUdhj" %}

***

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
</div>

Commit message:

go/2018-ultra96-contest: Further cleaning up of the page
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

go/2018-ultra96-contest/README.md, after:

---
title: Ultra96 Contest - 2018
description: |-
    Ultra96 Contest by Xilinx, Avnets and Hackster.io
permalink: /go/2018-ultra96-contest/
layout: container-breadcrumb
css-package: openhours
js-package: openhours
---

<div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

## Ultra96 Contest - 2018

[Avnet](https://www.avnet.com/wps/portal/us/) and [Xilinx](https://www.xilinx.com/) have teamed up with [Hackster.io](https://www.hackster.io/) to launch a contest around the [Ultra96](https://www.96boards.org/product/ultra96/) (probably why you are here)! For those of you who don't know, the Ultra96 is part of the 96Boards Consumer Edition family, plenty more to read below... Naturally, the 96Boards team wanted to get involved with this exciting event!

**On this page, you will find...**

- Special Event Schedule
- 96Boards resources
- Ultra96 resources
- Link to fun blogs and videos
- and more!

***

## Contest Kit

- [Ultra96](https://www.96boards.org/product/ultra96/)
   - By Avnet, featuring the Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC
- [Optional Mezzanine Add on](https://www.96boards.org/products/mezzanine/)

***

## Webinar Series

- Introduction to Linaro/96Boards, Xilinx, Avnet and the Ultra96 Contest
   - Date: TBD
   - Presenter(s): TBD
   - [Add to your Calendar]()
- Introduction to the Ultra96 by Avnet
   - Date: TBD
   - Presenter(s): TBD
   - [Add to your Calendar]()
- Ultra96 Deep Dive
   - Date: TBD
   - Presenter(s): TBD
   - [Add to your Calendar]()
- SDSoC - Introduction and Deep dive
   - Date: TBD
   - Presenter(s): TBD
   - [Add to your Calendar]()

***

## Resources

- Ultra96 Landing page
   - [96Boards Landing Page](https://www.96boards.org/product/ultra96/)
   - [Documentation](https://github.com/96boards/documentation)
   - [Zed Board](http://zedboard.org/product/ultra96)
- Projects
   - Coming soon...
- Workshop
   - Coming soon...
- [Blogs](https://www.96boards.org/blog/)
- 96Boards OpenHours
   - [Website](https://www.96boards.org/openhours/)
   - [Previous Episodes](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk)

***

</div>
<div class="col-md-6">
<div class="openhours-panel" markdown="1" id="openhours-panel">

<iframe width="350" height="180" src="https://w2.countingdownto.com/2217783" frameborder="0"></iframe>

- 1) Install BlueJeans video conferencing software on your desktop or mobile device
   - [Desktop download](https://www.bluejeans.com/downloads)
   - [Mobile download](https://www.bluejeans.com/downloads#mobile-tablet)
- 2) Launch BlueJeans applications
- 3) Use the following ID to join the weekly call
   - ID: 943216362

**NOTE - You can also join via web browser with the following link: [https://bluejeans.com/943216362](https://bluejeans.com/943216362)**

***

## Ultra96 Playlist

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W0V7iIE5UTj12IvvpAfUdhj" %}

***

## OpenHours Playlist

{% include media.html media_url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL-NF6S9MM_W1QBjUc2B5Pg502bz7qslxk" %}

</div>
</div>
