_product/accessories/power/README.md, before:

---
title: Power Accessories
permalink: /product/power/
layout: accessory-display-page
description: Power Accessories for 96Boards
accessories:
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: Plug-In Adapter Single-OUT 12V 2A 24W
    accessory_description: |-
        Avnet is providing this power supply worldwide and recommend it for all 96Boards.
        The adapter has a US plug, but supports 90-264V AC input and 12V 2A output.
    accessory_order_link:
        - http://avnet.me/96BoardPower2A
    accessory_search_term: External 96Boards compliant power supply kit (12V, 2A, US plug)
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-arrow-power.jpg
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: Plug-In Adapter Single-OUT 12V 4A 48W
    accessory_description: |-
        Avnet is providing this power supply worldwide and recommend it for all 96Boards.
        The adapter has a US plug, but supports 90-264V AC input and 12V 4A output.
    accessory_order_link:
        - http://avnet.me/96BoardPower4A
    accessory_search_term: 4A 12V POWER SUPPLY, MEETS THE 96BOARDS SPEC
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-arrow-power.jpg
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: Plug-In Adapter Single-OUT 12V 2A 24W
    accessory_description: |-
        Arrow is providing this power supply worldwide and recommend it for all 96Boards.
        The adapter has a US plug, but supports 90-264V AC input and 12V 2A output.
    accessory_order_link:
        - https://www.arrow.com/en/products/wm24p6-12-a-ql/autec-power-systems
    accessory_search_term: Plug-In Adapter Single-OUT 12V 2A 24W
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-arrow-power.jpg
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: Universal power supply
    accessory_description: |-
        This is a 12V 2A power supply with universal connectivity on both ends.
        A little more expensive than a standard 1.7mm or 2.1mm supply with a
        fixed power plug , we have used these on the HiKey and DragonBoard 410c
        boards without any issues or adapters required. One thing to ensure is
        that the board end is connected with center pin positive.
    accessory_order_link:
        - http://cpc.farnell.com/ideal-power/25hk-ab-120a250-cp6/psu-desktop-plug-in-12v-2-5a-vi/dp/PW04128?rpsku=rel1:PW03336&isexcsku=false
    accessory_search_term: 25HK-AB-120A250-CP
    accessory_more_info: https://www.idealpower.co.uk/products/25hk-ab-120a250-cp/
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-2.png
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: 5.5/2.1mm to 4.75/1.7mm cable DC plug converter
    accessory_description: |-
        This cable adapter seems to be easier to find that the direct converter,
        but offers a similar low cost solution to convert more readily available
        12V 2A 5.5/2.1mm power supplies down to the 96Boards 4.75/1.7mm power jack.
    accessory_order_link:
        - https://www.superpowersupply.com/super-power-supply-5-5x2-1mm-to-4-8x1-7mm-5-5mm-x-2-1mm-to-4-8mm-x-1-7mm-tip-size-ac-adapter-barrel-plug-for-wall-chargers.php
    accessory_search_term: 2.1mm to 1.7mm power adapter
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-power-3.png
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: 2.1mm to 1.7mm DC plug adapter
    accessory_description: |-
        Low cost solution to convert more readily available 12V 2A 2.1mm power
        supplies down to the 96Boards 1.7mm power jack.
    accessory_order_link:
        - http://www.amazon.co.uk/5-5mm-1-7mm-2-1mm-Female-Adapter/dp/B00MJSNNDC/ref=sr_1_19?ie=UTF8&qid=1422616362&sr=8-19
    accessory_search_term: 2.1mm to 1.7mm power adapter
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-power-4.png
---

Commit message:

product/accessories/power: Changes to Avnet power supply
Changes were made to the Avnet power supply description,
search term, and images. Inserting a place holder while
we collect image from Avnet

Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

_product/accessories/power/README.md, after:

---
title: Power Accessories
permalink: /product/power/
layout: accessory-display-page
description: Power Accessories for 96Boards
accessories:
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: Plug-In Adapter Single-OUT 12V 2A 24W
    accessory_description: |-
        AES-ACC-U96-PWR is the lowest-cost 96Boards-compatible power supply from Avnet that supplies 12V @ 2A. It has a US plug and supports 100-240
        VAC. This power supply recommended for designs that do not consume much power through the expansion mezzanines or USB 3.0 host connectors.
    accessory_order_link:
        - http://avnet.me/96BoardPower2A
    accessory_search_term: AES-ACC-U96-PWR
    accessory_images:
        - no-image-available.png
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: Plug-In Adapter Single-OUT 12V 4A 48W
    accessory_description: |-
        AES-ACC-U96-4APWR is our highest power 96Boards-compatible power supply from Avnet that supplies 12V @ 4A. It ships with an international plug
        set and supports 100-240 VAC. This power supply is recommended for designs that may consume power through the expansion mezzanines or USB 3.0
        host connectors.
    accessory_order_link:
        - http://avnet.me/96BoardPower4A
    accessory_search_term: AES-ACC-U96-4APWR
    accessory_images:
        - no-image-available.png
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: Plug-In Adapter Single-OUT 12V 2A 24W
    accessory_description: |-
        Arrow is providing this power supply worldwide and recommend it for all 96Boards.
        The adapter has a US plug, but supports 90-264V AC input and 12V 2A output.
    accessory_order_link:
        - https://www.arrow.com/en/products/wm24p6-12-a-ql/autec-power-systems
    accessory_search_term: Plug-In Adapter Single-OUT 12V 2A 24W
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-arrow-power.jpg
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: Universal power supply
    accessory_description: |-
        This is a 12V 2A power supply with universal connectivity on both ends.
        A little more expensive than a standard 1.7mm or 2.1mm supply with a
        fixed power plug , we have used these on the HiKey and DragonBoard 410c
        boards without any issues or adapters required. One thing to ensure is
        that the board end is connected with center pin positive.
    accessory_order_link:
        - http://cpc.farnell.com/ideal-power/25hk-ab-120a250-cp6/psu-desktop-plug-in-12v-2-5a-vi/dp/PW04128?rpsku=rel1:PW03336&isexcsku=false
    accessory_search_term: 25HK-AB-120A250-CP
    accessory_more_info: https://www.idealpower.co.uk/products/25hk-ab-120a250-cp/
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-2.png
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: 5.5/2.1mm to 4.75/1.7mm cable DC plug converter
    accessory_description: |-
        This cable adapter seems to be easier to find that the direct converter,
        but offers a similar low cost solution to convert more readily available
        12V 2A 5.5/2.1mm power supplies down to the 96Boards 4.75/1.7mm power jack.
    accessory_order_link:
        - https://www.superpowersupply.com/super-power-supply-5-5x2-1mm-to-4-8x1-7mm-5-5mm-x-2-1mm-to-4-8mm-x-1-7mm-tip-size-ac-adapter-barrel-plug-for-wall-chargers.php
    accessory_search_term: 2.1mm to 1.7mm power adapter
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-power-3.png
  - accessory_permalink: /product/power/
    accessory_category: power
    accessory_title: 2.1mm to 1.7mm DC plug adapter
    accessory_description: |-
        Low cost solution to convert more readily available 12V 2A 2.1mm power
        supplies down to the 96Boards 1.7mm power jack.
    accessory_order_link:
        - http://www.amazon.co.uk/5-5mm-1-7mm-2-1mm-Female-Adapter/dp/B00MJSNNDC/ref=sr_1_19?ie=UTF8&qid=1422616362&sr=8-19
    accessory_search_term: 2.1mm to 1.7mm power adapter
    accessory_images:
        - accessories-power-4.png
---
