_product/ce/ultra96/README.md, before:

---
title: Ultra96
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/ultra96/
shortname: ultra96
description: |-
    The Ultra96-V2 updates and refreshes the Ultra96 product that was released in 2018. Like Ultra96, the Ultra96-V2 is an Arm-based, Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ ™ MPSoC development board based on the Linaro 96Boards Consumer Edition (CE) specification. Ultra96-V2 will be available in more countries around the world as it has been designed with a certified radio module from Microchip. Additionally, all components are updated to allow industrial temperature grade options. Additional power control and monitoring will be possible with the included Infineon Pmics.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, xilinx, fpga, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
product_short_desc: "Ultra96™ is an Arm-based, Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+™ MPSoC development board"
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
display_product: true
is_featured: true
product_images:
  - ultra96-front-sd.png
  - ultra96-back-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle1-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle2-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle3-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle4-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle5-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle6-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle7-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle8-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle9-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle10-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle11-sd.png
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Ultra96
      tab_link: /product/ultra96/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/ultra96/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/ultra96/
      tab_align_right: true
product_getting_started: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/getting-started/
product_documentation_link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Ultra96-v2 Developer Board (Pre-Order)
    link-url: http://avnet.me/NewUltra96V2
    from: Avnet.com
    type: board
    link-price: "$249.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_os:
  - title: Linux
    link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/downloads/
  - title: Xilinx PYNQ
    link: http://www.pynq.io/board.html
product_third_party_images:
  - title: OpenSUSE
    link: https://en.opensuse.org/HCL:Ultra96
  - title: X-Ware
    link: http://www.ultra96.org/node/26011
product_more_info:
  - title: Avnet Zedboard
    link: http://zedboard.org/product/ultra96
product_previous_version:
    version: Ultra96 v1
    links:
      - title: View on Avnet
        link: https://linaro.co/ultra96-vendor-avnet
      - title: v1 Documentation
        link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/
      - title: v1 Downloads
        link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/downloads/
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/
  - title: More...
    link: /products/accessories/
product_mezzanine:
  - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
    link: /product/d3camera/
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
  - title: More...
    link: /products/mezzanine/
product_kits:
  - title: Delta Camera Kit
    link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/kits/delta-camera.md.html
  - title: More...
    link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/kits/
product: true
archived: false
---
The Ultra96-V2 updates and refreshes the Ultra96 product that was released in 2018. Like Ultra96, the Ultra96-V2 is an Arm-based, Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ ™ MPSoC development board based on the Linaro 96Boards Consumer Edition (CE) specification. Ultra96-V2 will be available in more countries around the world as it has been designed with a certified radio module from Microchip. Additionally, all components are updated to allow industrial temperature grade options. Additional power control and monitoring will be possible with the included Infineon Pmics.

***

## Additional Information

|   Component          |   Description                                                                                    |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  SoC                 | Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC ZU3EG A484                                                         |
|  RAM                 | Micron 2 GB (512M x32) LPDDR4 Memory                                                             |
|  Storage             | Delkin 16 GB microSD card + adapter                                                              |
|  Wireless            | 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2 (provides both Bluetooth Classic and Low Energy (BLE))       |
|  USB                 | 1x USB 3.0 Type Micro-B upstream port<br>2x USB 3.0, 1x USB 2.0 Type A downstream ports          |
|  Display             | Mini DisplayPort (MiniDP or mDP)                                                                 |
|  Expansion Interface | 40-pin 96Boards Low-speed expansion header<br>60-pin 96Boards High speed expansion header        |
|  LED                 | 4 x user-controllable LEDs                                                                       |
|  Power Source        | 8V~18V@3A, Plug specification is inner diameter 1.7mm and outer diameter 4.8mm                   |
|  OS Support          | Linux                                                                                            |
|  Size                | 85mm x 54mm                                                                                      |

Commit message:

ce/ultra96: Add more description and product brief
Signed-off-by: Robert Wolff <robert.wolff@linaro.org>

_product/ce/ultra96/README.md, after:

---
title: Ultra96
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/ultra96/
shortname: ultra96
description: |-
    The Ultra96-V2 updates and refreshes the Ultra96 product that was released in 2018. Like Ultra96, the Ultra96-V2 is an Arm-based, Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ ™ MPSoC development board based on the Linaro 96Boards Consumer Edition (CE) specification. Ultra96-V2 will be available in more countries around the world as it has been designed with a certified radio module from Microchip. Additionally, all components are updated to allow industrial temperature grade options. Additional power control and monitoring will be possible with the included Infineon Pmics.
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, xilinx, fpga, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform
product_short_desc: "Ultra96™ is an Arm-based, Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+™ MPSoC development board"
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
display_product: true
is_featured: true
product_images:
  - ultra96-front-sd.png
  - ultra96-back-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle1-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle2-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle3-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle4-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle5-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle6-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle7-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle8-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle9-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle10-sd.png
  - ultra96-angle11-sd.png
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Ultra96
      tab_link: /product/ultra96/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/ultra96/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/ultra96/
      tab_align_right: true
product_getting_started: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/getting-started/
product_documentation_link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Ultra96-v2 Developer Board (Pre-Order)
    link-url: http://avnet.me/NewUltra96V2
    from: Avnet.com
    type: board
    link-price: "$249.00"
    link-price-currency: USD
product_os:
  - title: Linux
    link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/downloads/
  - title: Xilinx PYNQ
    link: http://www.pynq.io/board.html
product_third_party_images:
  - title: OpenSUSE
    link: https://en.opensuse.org/HCL:Ultra96
  - title: X-Ware
    link: http://www.ultra96.org/node/26011
product_more_info:
  - title: Avnet Zedboard
    link: http://zedboard.org/product/ultra96
product_previous_version:
    version: Ultra96 v1
    links:
      - title: View on Avnet
        link: https://linaro.co/ultra96-vendor-avnet
      - title: v1 Documentation
        link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/
      - title: v1 Downloads
        link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/downloads/
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/
  - title: More...
    link: /products/accessories/
product_mezzanine:
  - title: D3 Camera Mezzanine
    link: /product/d3camera/
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
  - title: More...
    link: /products/mezzanine/
product_kits:
  - title: Delta Camera Kit
    link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/kits/delta-camera.md.html
  - title: More...
    link: /documentation/consumer/ultra96/kits/
product: true
archived: false
---
The Ultra96-V2 updates and refreshes the Ultra96 product that was released in 2018. Like Ultra96, the Ultra96-V2 is an Arm-based, Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ ™ MPSoC development board based on the Linaro 96Boards Consumer Edition (CE) specification. Ultra96-V2 will be available in more countries around the world as it has been designed with a certified radio module from Microchip. Additionally, all components are updated to allow industrial temperature grade options. Additional power control and monitoring will be possible with the included Infineon Pmics.


Like Ultra96 (v1 legacy content in side bar), the Ultra96-V2 boots from the provided Delkin 16 GB microSD card. Engineers have options of connecting to Ultra96-V2 through a Webserver using integrated wireless access point capability or to use the provided PetaLinux desktop environment which can be viewed on the integrated Mini DisplayPort video output. Multiple application examples and on-board development options are provided as examples.
***

## Additional Information

|   Component          |   Description                                                                                    |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  SoC                 | Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC ZU3EG A484                                                         |
|  RAM                 | Micron 2 GB (512M x32) LPDDR4 Memory                                                             |
|  Storage             | Delkin 16 GB microSD card + adapter                                                              |
|  Wireless            | 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2 (provides both Bluetooth Classic and Low Energy (BLE))       |
|  USB                 | 1x USB 3.0 Type Micro-B upstream port<br>2x USB 3.0, 1x USB 2.0 Type A downstream ports          |
|  Display             | Mini DisplayPort (MiniDP or mDP)                                                                 |
|  Expansion Interface | 40-pin 96Boards Low-speed expansion header<br>60-pin 96Boards High speed expansion header        |
|  LED                 | 4 x user-controllable LEDs                                                                       |
|  Power Source        | 8V~18V@3A, Plug specification is inner diameter 1.7mm and outer diameter 4.8mm                   |
|  OS Support          | Linux                                                                                            |
|  Size                | 85mm x 54mm                                                                                      |
