_product/ce/sophon-edge/README.md, before:

---
title: Sophon Edge
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/sophon-edge/
shortname: sophon-edge
#Set this to true and the board will be visible on 96boards.ai
ai_board: true
description: |-
    The Bitmain Sophon™ Edge Developer Board is designed for bringing powerful Deep Learning capability to various types of applications through its quick prototype development. Sophon Edge Developer Board is powered by a BM1880, equipping tailored TPU support DNN/CNN/RNN/LSTM operations and models. This board is compatible with Linaro 96boards while also supporting modules for Arduino and Raspberry Pi. Developers can leverage off-the-shelf modules and develop cutting edge DL/ML applications, like facial detection and recognition, facial expression analysis, object detection and recognition, vehicle license plate recognition, voiceprint recognition, and more!
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, xilinx, fpga, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform, bitmain, sophon, edge, bm1880
product_short_desc: "Bitmain Sophon™ Edge Developer Board is powered by the BM1880"
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
display_product: true
is_featured: true
product_images:
    - sophon-front-sd.png
    - sophon-back-sd.png
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Sophon Edge
      tab_link: /product/sophon-edge/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/sophon-edge/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/sophon-edge/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/sophon-edge/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/sophon-edge/
      tab_align_right: true
product_getting_started: /documentation/consumer/sophon-edge/getting-started/
product_documentation_link: /documentation/consumer/sophon-edge/
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Sophon Edge (US)
    link-url: https://sophon.ai/product/view/00020181017110652CiJsd2n6aOcHr4a/view.html
    from: Sophon.ai
    type: board
    link-price: "$129.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: Sophon Edge (CN)
    link-url: https://sophon.cn/product/view/00020181017110652CiJsd2n6aOcHr4a/view.html
    from: Sophon.ai
    type: board
    link-price: "&#xa5;899.00"
    link-price-currency: CNY
product_os:
  - title: Source SDK
    link: https://github.com/BM1880-BIRD/bm1880-system-sdk
  - title: Source Program
    link: https://github.com/BM1880-BIRD/bm1880-ai-demo-program
product_more_info:
  - title: Sophon - Getting Started
    link: https://sophon-edge.gitbook.io/project/overview/edge-tpu-developer-board
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/
product_mezzanine:
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
product_kits:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product: true
archived: false
---

The Bitmain Sophon(TM) Edge Developer Board is designed for bringing powerful Deep Learning capability to various types of applications through its quick prototype development. Sophon Edge Developer Board is powered by a BM1880, equipping tailored TPU support DNN/CNN/RNN/LSTM operations and models. This board is compatible with Linaro 96boards while also supporting modules for Arduino and Raspberry Pi. Developers can leverage off-the-shelf modules and develop cutting edge DL/ML applications, like facial detection and recognition, facial expression analysis, object detection and recognition, vehicle license plate recognition, voiceprint recognition, and more!

***

## Additional Information

|   Component          |   Description                                                                                    |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  Processor           | Sophon BM1880                                                                                    |
| System Memory        | LPDDR4 1GB                                                                                       |
| Flash Memory         | 8GB eMMC + micro SD card slot                                                                    |
| Connectivity         | Gigabit Ethernet(RJ-45), Wifi, Bluetooth                                                         |
| USB                  | USB 3.0 x 3 (support camera, U- disk..etc)                                                       |
| I/O Expansion        | 40-pin 96Boards low-speed expansion header                                                       |
| Audio                | I2S x 2 (included in 40-pin header)                                                              |
| H.264 decoder, MJPEG encoder/decoder | 1x 1080p @60fps or 2x 1080p @30fps H.264 decoder, 75fps for FHD images           |
| Power                | 12V@2A                                                                                           |
| OS                   | Linux                                                                                            |
| Dimensions           | 85mm x 54mm                                                                                      |

**NOTE:** Many compliance items for this board were waived due to the nature of the chipset being used and the uniqueness of the board. The Edge BM1880 TPU ASIC accels in its AI and deep learning abilities, for this reason, the following items were waived in order to accomodate the Sophon Edge into the 96Boards ecosystem:

- Instead of OTG or C port near center of board, the two host ports are pushed into the center, and it uses a 3.0 A port as OTG.
- Does not have any display output capability.
- Does not have high speed connector.
- Ethernet port exeeds component maximum height limit of 6.5mm.

Commit message:

Added a shorter 'AI focused' descriptiion under ai_board_desc

_product/ce/sophon-edge/README.md, after:

---
title: Sophon Edge
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/sophon-edge/
shortname: sophon-edge
#Set this to true and the board will be visible on 96boards.ai
ai_board: true
ai_board_desc: >
    The Bitmain Sophon(TM) Edge Developer Board is designed for bringing powerful Deep Learning capability to various types of applications through its quick prototype development.
description: |-
    The Bitmain Sophon™ Edge Developer Board is designed for bringing powerful Deep Learning capability to various types of applications through its quick prototype development. Sophon Edge Developer Board is powered by a BM1880, equipping tailored TPU support DNN/CNN/RNN/LSTM operations and models. This board is compatible with Linaro 96boards while also supporting modules for Arduino and Raspberry Pi. Developers can leverage off-the-shelf modules and develop cutting edge DL/ML applications, like facial detection and recognition, facial expression analysis, object detection and recognition, vehicle license plate recognition, voiceprint recognition, and more!
keywords: |-
    processing, power, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth connectivity, GPS, development, board, mid-tier, xilinx, fpga, processor, low cost, Product, Development, Platform, bitmain, sophon, edge, bm1880
product_short_desc: "Bitmain Sophon™ Edge Developer Board is powered by the BM1880"
product_specification: ce
featured_product_order: 2
display_product: true
is_featured: true
product_images:
    - sophon-front-sd.png
    - sophon-back-sd.png
tab_menu:
    - tab_title: Sophon Edge
      tab_link: /product/sophon-edge/
      active: true
    - tab_title: AI
      tab_link: /product/sophon-edge/ai/
    - tab_title: Getting Started
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/sophon-edge/getting-started/
    - tab_title: Documentation
      tab_link: /documentation/consumer/sophon-edge/
    - tab_title: Support
      tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/sophon-edge/
      tab_align_right: true
product_getting_started: /documentation/consumer/sophon-edge/getting-started/
product_documentation_link: /documentation/consumer/sophon-edge/
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Sophon Edge (US)
    link-url: https://sophon.ai/product/view/00020181017110652CiJsd2n6aOcHr4a/view.html
    from: Sophon.ai
    type: board
    link-price: "$129.99"
    link-price-currency: USD
  -
    link-title: Sophon Edge (CN)
    link-url: https://sophon.cn/product/view/00020181017110652CiJsd2n6aOcHr4a/view.html
    from: Sophon.ai
    type: board
    link-price: "&#xa5;899.00"
    link-price-currency: CNY
product_os:
  - title: Source SDK
    link: https://github.com/BM1880-BIRD/bm1880-system-sdk
  - title: Source Program
    link: https://github.com/BM1880-BIRD/bm1880-ai-demo-program
product_more_info:
  - title: Sophon - Getting Started
    link: https://sophon-edge.gitbook.io/project/overview/edge-tpu-developer-board
product_accessories:
  - title: Power
    link: /product/power/
  - title: Adapter
    link: /product/adapter/
  - title: Debug
    link: /product/debug/
  - title: Misc
    link: /product/misc/
product_mezzanine:
  - title: Link Sprite Sensor Kit
    link: /product/linkspritesensorkit/
  - title: UART Serial
    link: /product/uartserial/
  - title: Sensors Mezzanine
    link: /product/sensors-mezzanine
product_kits:
  - title: Coming Soon...
product: true
archived: false
---

The Bitmain Sophon(TM) Edge Developer Board is designed for bringing powerful Deep Learning capability to various types of applications through its quick prototype development. Sophon Edge Developer Board is powered by a BM1880, equipping tailored TPU support DNN/CNN/RNN/LSTM operations and models. This board is compatible with Linaro 96boards while also supporting modules for Arduino and Raspberry Pi. Developers can leverage off-the-shelf modules and develop cutting edge DL/ML applications, like facial detection and recognition, facial expression analysis, object detection and recognition, vehicle license plate recognition, voiceprint recognition, and more!

***

## Additional Information

|   Component          |   Description                                                                                    |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  Processor           | Sophon BM1880                                                                                    |
| System Memory        | LPDDR4 1GB                                                                                       |
| Flash Memory         | 8GB eMMC + micro SD card slot                                                                    |
| Connectivity         | Gigabit Ethernet(RJ-45), Wifi, Bluetooth                                                         |
| USB                  | USB 3.0 x 3 (support camera, U- disk..etc)                                                       |
| I/O Expansion        | 40-pin 96Boards low-speed expansion header                                                       |
| Audio                | I2S x 2 (included in 40-pin header)                                                              |
| H.264 decoder, MJPEG encoder/decoder | 1x 1080p @60fps or 2x 1080p @30fps H.264 decoder, 75fps for FHD images           |
| Power                | 12V@2A                                                                                           |
| OS                   | Linux                                                                                            |
| Dimensions           | 85mm x 54mm                                                                                      |

**NOTE:** Many compliance items for this board were waived due to the nature of the chipset being used and the uniqueness of the board. The Edge BM1880 TPU ASIC accels in its AI and deep learning abilities, for this reason, the following items were waived in order to accomodate the Sophon Edge into the 96Boards ecosystem:

- Instead of OTG or C port near center of board, the two host ports are pushed into the center, and it uses a 3.0 A port as OTG.
- Does not have any display output capability.
- Does not have high speed connector.
- Ethernet port exeeds component maximum height limit of 6.5mm.
