_product/mezzanine/shiratech-lte/README.md, before:

---
title: Shiratech LTE Mezzanine
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/shiratech-lte/
shortname: shiratech-lte
description: |-
    Introducing the Shiratech LTE and Sensor Mezzanine, the easiest and fastest way to add LTE connectivity and full context awareness to your product
title: Shiratech LTE Mezzanine
display_product: true
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: Shiratech LTE
    tab_link: /product/shiratech-lte/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/shiratech-lte/
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_align_right: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product: true
product_short_desc: "Introducing the Shiratech LTE and Sensor Mezzanine, the easiest and fastest way to add LTE connectivity and full context awareness to your product"
product_long_desc: |-
    Introducing the Shiratech LTE and Sensor Mezzanine, the easiest and fastest way to add LTE connectivity and full context awareness to your product
product_images:
    - shiratech-lte-front-sd.jpg
    - shiratech-lte-back-sd.jpg
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Arrow
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/srt-96b-mez-lte-a/arrow-development-tools"
product_more_info:
  - title: Product Brief
    link: https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/shiratech-lte/files/shiratech-brief.pdf
archived: false
---
Introducing the Shiratech LTE and Sensor Mezzanine, the easiest and fastest way to add LTE connectivity and full context awareness to your product

***

## Features

#### Cellular Modem Quectel EC25 LTE

- LTE CAT 4 Max 150Mbps (DL) 50Mbps (UL).
- LTE category 4 module optimized for M2M and IoT applications.
- Worldwaide LTE, UMTS/HSPA+ and GSM/GPRS/EDGE coverage.
- Multi-constellation GNSS receiver available for applications requiring fast and accurate fixes in any environment.
- MIMO technology meets demands for data rate and link reliability in modem wireless communication system.

#### On-Board Sensor Key Features

**Bosch BNO055**

Outputs fused sensor data - Quaternion, Euler angles, Rotation vector, Linear acceleration, Gravity, Heading.

- 3 Sensors in one device - triaxial 16bit gyroscope, triaxial 14bit accelerometor and full performance geomagnetic sensor.
- Intelligent power management - normal, low power and suspended modes.

**Analog Device ADUX1020**

- Multifunction photometric sensor and signal conditioning
- Fully integrated AFE, ADC, LED driver and timing core.
- Enable an ambient light rejection capability using both optical and analog filtering.
- Gesture recognition with 0.5cm to 15cm range
- Proximity sensing to 20cm
- Gesture/proximity works under infrared (IR) transparent glass or other materials

**ST VL53L0CX**

- Fully integrated miniature module: 940nm Laser VCSEL. VCSEL driver, ranging sensor with advanced embedded micro controller
- Fast Accurate distance ranging - Measures absolute range up to 2m. Reported range is independent of the target reflectance
- Eye safe - Class 1 laser device

**Analog Device ADT7410**

- High performance temperature sensor
- Temperature accuracy
   - +/- 0.5C from -40C to +105C (2.7V to 3.6V)
   - +/-0.4C from -40C to +105C (3.9V)
- 16 bit temperature resolution
- Fast first temperature conversion on power up of 6ms
- Easy implementation - No temperature calibration/correction required by user. No linearity correction required

## Documents

- [Product Brief](https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/shiratech-lte/files/shiratech-brief.pdf)

Commit message:

Added board attributes from the board-details.yml data file to the front matter for each board

_product/mezzanine/shiratech-lte/README.md, after:

---
title: Shiratech LTE Mezzanine
layout: product-display-page
permalink: /product/shiratech-lte/
shortname: shiratech-lte
description: |-
    Introducing the Shiratech LTE and Sensor Mezzanine, the easiest and fastest way to add LTE connectivity and full context awareness to your product
title: Shiratech LTE Mezzanine
display_product: true
tab_menu:
  - tab_title: Shiratech LTE
    tab_link: /product/shiratech-lte/
    active: true
  - tab_title: Documentation
    tab_link: /documentation/mezzanine/shiratech-lte/
  - tab_title: Support
    tab_link: https://discuss.96boards.org/c/products/mezzanine
    tab_align_right: true
product_specification: "mezzanine"
product: true
product_short_desc: "Introducing the Shiratech LTE and Sensor Mezzanine, the easiest and fastest way to add LTE connectivity and full context awareness to your product"
product_long_desc: |-
    Introducing the Shiratech LTE and Sensor Mezzanine, the easiest and fastest way to add LTE connectivity and full context awareness to your product
product_images:
    - shiratech-lte-front-sd.jpg
    - shiratech-lte-back-sd.jpg
product_buy_links:
  -
    link-title: Arrow
    link-url: "https://www.arrow.com/en/products/srt-96b-mez-lte-a/arrow-development-tools"
product_more_info:
  - title: Product Brief
    link: https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/shiratech-lte/files/shiratech-brief.pdf
archived: false
dateAdded: 2018-05-01 09:00:00+00:00
attributes:
  - name: "Sensors"
    value: >
      On-Board Sensor Key Features - Bosch BNO055 (3 Sensors in one device - triaxial 16bit gyroscope, triaxial 14bit accelerometor
      and full performance geomagnetic sensor), Analog Device ADUX1020 (Multifunction photometric sensor and signal conditioning),
      ST VL53L0CX (940nm Laser VCSEL. VCSEL driver, ranging sensor with advanced embedded micro controller) and Analog Device ADT7410 (High performance temperature sensor)
  - name: "Other"
    value: >
      Cellular Modem Quectel EC25 LTE -
      LTE CAT 4 Max 150Mbps (DL) 50Mbps (UL).
      LTE category 4 module optimized for M2M and IoT applications.
      Worldwaide LTE, UMTS/HSPA+ and GSM/GPRS/EDGE coverage.
      Multi-constellation GNSS receiver available for applications requiring fast and accurate fixes in any environment.
      MIMO technology meets demands for data rate and link reliability in modem wireless communication system.

---
Introducing the Shiratech LTE and Sensor Mezzanine, the easiest and fastest way to add LTE connectivity and full context awareness to your product

***

## Features

#### Cellular Modem Quectel EC25 LTE

- LTE CAT 4 Max 150Mbps (DL) 50Mbps (UL).
- LTE category 4 module optimized for M2M and IoT applications.
- Worldwaide LTE, UMTS/HSPA+ and GSM/GPRS/EDGE coverage.
- Multi-constellation GNSS receiver available for applications requiring fast and accurate fixes in any environment.
- MIMO technology meets demands for data rate and link reliability in modem wireless communication system.

#### On-Board Sensor Key Features

**Bosch BNO055**

Outputs fused sensor data - Quaternion, Euler angles, Rotation vector, Linear acceleration, Gravity, Heading.

- 3 Sensors in one device - triaxial 16bit gyroscope, triaxial 14bit accelerometor and full performance geomagnetic sensor.
- Intelligent power management - normal, low power and suspended modes.

**Analog Device ADUX1020**

- Multifunction photometric sensor and signal conditioning
- Fully integrated AFE, ADC, LED driver and timing core.
- Enable an ambient light rejection capability using both optical and analog filtering.
- Gesture recognition with 0.5cm to 15cm range
- Proximity sensing to 20cm
- Gesture/proximity works under infrared (IR) transparent glass or other materials

**ST VL53L0CX**

- Fully integrated miniature module: 940nm Laser VCSEL. VCSEL driver, ranging sensor with advanced embedded micro controller
- Fast Accurate distance ranging - Measures absolute range up to 2m. Reported range is independent of the target reflectance
- Eye safe - Class 1 laser device

**Analog Device ADT7410**

- High performance temperature sensor
- Temperature accuracy
   - +/- 0.5C from -40C to +105C (2.7V to 3.6V)
   - +/-0.4C from -40C to +105C (3.9V)
- 16 bit temperature resolution
- Fast first temperature conversion on power up of 6ms
- Easy implementation - No temperature calibration/correction required by user. No linearity correction required

## Documents

- [Product Brief](https://github.com/96boards/website/blob/master/_product/mezzanine/shiratech-lte/files/shiratech-brief.pdf)
